Energetic Cherry Locust

Medium

# `setProtocolFee()` and `setReferralFee()` functions allows owner to set more than 100% fee bypassing owner restriction on fees

## Summary
`setProtocolFee()` and `setReferralFee()` functions allows owner to set more than 100% fee bypassing owner restriction on fees

## Vulnerability Detail
In `BoostCore.sol`, `setProtocolFee()` and `setReferralFee()` functions are used to set the protocol fee and referral fee by contract owner. 

```solidity
    function setProtocolFee(uint64 protocolFee_) external onlyOwner {
        protocolFee = protocolFee_;
    }

    function setReferralFee(uint64 referralFee_) external onlyOwner {
        referralFee = referralFee_;
    }
```

The issue is that, the current implemenatation allows to set the protocol fees more than 100% which means the owner restiction as per intended design can be bypassed.

As per contest readme:
> Are there any limitations on values set by admins (or other roles) in the codebase, including restrictions on array lengths?
BoostCore.sol::protocolFee = Between 0 - FEE_DENOMINATOR
BoostCore.sol::referralFee = Between 0 - FEE_DENOMINATOR

Protocol fee and referral fee in BoostCore.sol contract must be between `0 to FEE_DENOMINATOR` and in contract `FEE_DENOMINATOR` is 100%

```solidity
    /// @notice The fee denominator (basis points, i.e. 10000 == 100%)
    uint64 public constant FEE_DENOMINATOR = 10_000;
```

So as per contest reamdme, protocol fee and referral fee must be between `0 to 100%`. however. there is no such restriction in `setProtocolFee()` and `setReferralFee()` functions to limit the fees. This can be easily bypassed by owner against intended design.

## Impact
As per contest readme, protocol fee and referral fee must be restricted between `0 to 100%` which can be easily bypassed in `setProtocolFee()` and `setReferralFee()` functions as there is no such input validation while setting these fees by owner. This allows owner to set the fee to more than 100% which is not intended.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/d9f597776cc2d20fbb19ffb1f7731126cf3b6210/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L215-L227

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider restricting the protocol fee and referral fee between `0 to 100%` .

Consider below changes:

```diff
    function setProtocolFee(uint64 protocolFee_) external onlyOwner {
+     require(protocolFee_ < FEE_DENOMINATOR, "invalid protocol fee");
        protocolFee = protocolFee_;
    }

    function setReferralFee(uint64 referralFee_) external onlyOwner {
+     require(referralFee_ < FEE_DENOMINATOR, "invalid referral fee");
        referralFee = referralFee_;
    }
```