Formal Charcoal Albatross

Medium

# Bypass of Registration Process in deployClone Function

## Summary

## Vulnerability Detail

The `deployClone` function in the `BoostRegistry.sol` contract can be called directly without first requiring the `base` implementation to be registered using the `register` function. This bypasses the intended registration process and allows for the deployment of clones without ensuring that the `base` implementation has been verified. Additionally, the `deployClone` function does not check the `onlyACloneables` modifier, which ensures that the given address holds a valid `ACloneable base`. This can lead to several issues, including the deployment of unauthorized or malicious contract instances with operational inconsistencies

```solidity
function deployClone(RegistryType type_, address base_, string calldata name_, bytes calldata data_)
    external
    nonReentrant
    returns (ACloneable instance)
{//@audit-does not check `onlyACloneables`
    // Deploy and initialize the clone
    instance =
        ACloneable(base_.cloneAndInitialize(keccak256(abi.encodePacked(type_, base_, name_, msg.sender)), data_));

    // Ensure the clone's identifier is unique
    bytes32 identifier = getCloneIdentifier(type_, base_, msg.sender, name_);
    if (address(_clones[identifier].instance) != address(0)) revert AlreadyRegistered(type_, identifier);

    // Register and report the newly deployed clone
    _deployedClones[msg.sender].push(identifier);
    _clones[identifier] = Clone({baseType: type_, instance: instance, deployer: msg.sender, name: name_});

    emit Deployed(type_, identifier, base_, instance);
}

```

example

1. **User A** wants to deploy a clone from a base implementation.
2. **User A** directly calls the `deployClone` function without first registering the base implementation.
3. **User A** successfully deploys the clone, bypassing the intended registration process.
4. **The deployed clone** may not conform to the expected interface or standards, leading to potential security vulnerabilities and inconsistencies.


## Impact
 - Without the registration step, there is no verification that the base implementation conforms to the expected interface or standards.
 - This allows anyone to deploy clones from any address, including unauthorized or malicious implementations.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/78930f2ed6570f30e356b5529bd4bcbe5194eb8b/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostRegistry.sol#L102C5-L120C6

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
implement the `onlyACloneables` in the `deployClone` function too.