Wobbly Cinnamon Leopard

Medium

# Fee-on-Transfer tokens will revert due to incorrect balance check

### Summary
The incorrect balance check in [`ManagedBudget.sol`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/budgets/ManagedBudget.sol#L71-L73) can cause a complete reversion of ERC20 allocation as the protocol does not account for fee-on-transfer tokens. The line `if (request.asset.balanceOf(address(this)) < payload.amount)` assumes the full amount is transferred, leading to reversion when a fee-on-transfer token is used.

### Root Cause
In [`ManagedBudget.sol:71-73`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/budgets/ManagedBudget.sol#L71-L73), the protocol checks if the balance after an ERC20 transfer matches the requested `payload.amount`. However, for fee-on-transfer tokens, a portion is deducted as a fee, causing the balance to fall short. 

```solidity
if (request.asset.balanceOf(address(this)) < payload.amount) {
    revert InvalidAllocation(request.asset, payload.amount);
}
```

### Internal Pre-Conditions


### External Pre-Conditions
The protocol must use ERC20 fee-on-transfer tokens, which is possible since:
> Protocol should work with all native and ERC20 tokens that adhear to standard including weird tokens.
No assumptions are made in regards to the properties of integrating tokens and weird trait tokens should be handled normally. Specifically we'd expect to interact with USDT and other stable coins/decimal 6 coins and erc20z from Zora as well as other fractional NFT contracts as long as they adhere to ERC20 standard. We aren't whitelisting tokens so any erc20 should work (including weird ones).

Moreover, USDT is a fee on transfer token (with fee equal to 0 for now)

### Attack Path
1. A user calls the `allocate()` function using a fee-on-transfer ERC20 token.
3. The contract initiates a transfer with `safeTransferFrom()`.
4. The fee-on-transfer token deducts a portion of the transfer as a fee, transferring a reduced amount.
5. The contract checks the balance using `request.asset.balanceOf(address(this)) < payload.amount` and detects the difference.
6. The contract reverts with an `InvalidAllocation` error, halting the transaction.

### Impact
All stakers and users attempting to allocate ERC20 tokens through the protocol will encounter transaction reversion when using fee-on-transfer tokens due to this incorrect balance check. The protocol does not lose funds but becomes unusable with fee-on-transfer tokens, preventing interaction with these token types.

### PoC

As a POC, change the MockERC20 token used for tests. It becomes a fee-on-transfer token:
```solidity
contract MockERC20 is ERC20 {
    function name() public pure override returns (string memory) {
        return "Mock ERC20";
    }

    function symbol() public pure override returns (string memory) {
        return "MOCK";
    }

    function mint(address to, uint256 amount) public {
        _mint(to, amount);
    }

    function mintPayable(address to, uint256 amount) public payable {
        require(msg.value >= amount / 100, "MockERC20: gimme more money!");
        _mint(to, amount);
    }

    // We add this function for the POC
    function transferFrom(address from, address to, uint256 amount) public override returns (bool) {
        uint256 fee = amount / 10; //Fee are 10%
        _burn(from, fee);
        uint256 amount_to_send = amount - fee;
        super.transferFrom(from, to, amount_to_send);
        return true;
    }
}
```

Then `forge test` returns a lot of InvalidAllocation error

### Mitigation
A special case for fee-on-transfer token should be created or an unsafe allocate function that allow to bypass protections.