Wobbly Cinnamon Leopard

Medium

# Unrestricted token transfer allows unauthorized transfers of victim's tokens

### Summary
The improper use of `request.target` in the `allocate` function of ManagedBudget contract will result in unauthorized token transfers from victims if they have approved the contract with a large allowance. An attacker can initiate token transfers from the victim's address, leading to unwanted token transfers to the protocol's contract.

### Root Cause
In [`ManagedBudget.sol:57-90`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/budgets/ManagedBudget.sol#L57-L90), the `allocate` function uses `request.target` to identify the address from which tokens are transferred. This allows anyone to initiate token transfers from another user's address if they have provided a large or unlimited allowance, as seen in the following lines for both ERC20 and ERC1155 transfers:

```solidity
request.asset.safeTransferFrom(request.target, address(this), payload.amount);
```

```solidity
IERC1155(request.asset).safeTransferFrom(
      request.target, address(this), payload.tokenId, payload.amount, payload.data
);
```

This permits unauthorized token transfers from `request.target`, which may be a victim's address that previously approved the contract.

### Internal Pre-Conditions

### External Pre-Conditions
1. The victim has previously approved the contract to transfer their tokens with a large or unlimited allowance.

### Attack Path
1. An attacker calls the `allocate()` function and sets `request.target` to the victim’s address.
2. The function decodes the transfer request and initiates the transfer from `request.target`.
3. The contract uses `safeTransferFrom(request.target, address(this), payload.amount)` to transfer tokens from the victim’s balance to the contract.
4. The victim’s tokens are transferred without their consent.

### Impact
While this issue does not result in a direct loss of funds, it can lead to unwanted and unauthorized token transfers from the victim’s address to the protocol contract. The victim may have their tokens transferred without intent, potentially disrupting their planned token usage.

### PoC

In the ManagedBudgetTest contract file, [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/test/budgets/ManagedBudget.t.sol#L124), add this

```solidity
    function testPOC() public {
        // Approve the budget to transfer tokens
        mockERC20.approve(address(managedBudget), type(uint256).max);

        // Allocate 100 tokens to the budget
        bytes memory data = _makeFungibleTransfer(ABudget.AssetType.ERC20, address(mockERC20), address(this), 50 ether);
        assertTrue(managedBudget.allocate(data));

        // All is normal but the attacker choose to allocate more from the victim address
        address attacker = makeAddr('attacker');
        vm.prank(attacker);
        assertTrue(managedBudget.allocate(data));

        // Ensure the budget has 100 tokens
        assertEq(managedBudget.available(address(mockERC20)), 100 ether);
    }
```

You can run this test only with `forge test --match-test testPOC`.

This will not revert, showing anyone can send the victim token to this contract.

### Mitigation
To prevent unauthorized transfers, the protocol should replace all instances of `safeTransferFrom(request.target, address(this), payload.amount)` with `safeTransferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), payload.amount)`. This ensures that only the caller (`msg.sender`) can transfer their own tokens and prevents third parties from initiating token transfers on behalf of others. Users who need to transfer tokens on behalf of another address can use protocols like Uniswap's Permit2 or tokens with native `permit()` functions to securely authorize transfers.