Gigantic Alabaster Yak

Medium

# ManagedBudget.sol :: allocate() will always revert when using Fee-on-Transfer (FoT) tokens.

### Summary

The **`allocate()`** allows users to deposit tokens into the budget. However, if the asset is a Fee on Transfer (FoT) token, the transaction will always revert. This happens because the function checks whether the contract’s balance is less than the specified amount. With FoT tokens, the contract will always receive less than the full amount due to the transfer fee, causing the check to fail and the transaction to revert, making it impossible to deposit the tokens.

### Root Cause

[allocate()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/d9f597776cc2d20fbb19ffb1f7731126cf3b6210/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/budgets/ManagedBudget.sol#L57-L90) is implemented as follows.
```Solidity
function allocate(bytes calldata data_) external payable virtual override returns (bool) {
        Transfer memory request = abi.decode(data_, (Transfer));
        if (request.assetType == AssetType.ETH) {
            FungiblePayload memory payload = abi.decode(request.data, (FungiblePayload));

            // Ensure the value received is equal to the `payload.amount`
            if (msg.value != payload.amount) {
                revert InvalidAllocation(request.asset, payload.amount);
            }
        } else if (request.assetType == AssetType.ERC20) {
            FungiblePayload memory payload = abi.decode(request.data, (FungiblePayload));

            // Transfer `payload.amount` of the token to this contract
            request.asset.safeTransferFrom(request.target, address(this), payload.amount);
           
@>          if (request.asset.balanceOf(address(this)) < payload.amount) {
                revert InvalidAllocation(request.asset, payload.amount);
            }
        } else if (request.assetType == AssetType.ERC1155) {
            ERC1155Payload memory payload = abi.decode(request.data, (ERC1155Payload));

            // Transfer `payload.amount` of `payload.tokenId` to this contract
            IERC1155(request.asset).safeTransferFrom(
                request.target, address(this), payload.tokenId, payload.amount, payload.data
            );
            if (IERC1155(request.asset).balanceOf(address(this), payload.tokenId) < payload.amount) {
                revert InvalidAllocation(request.asset, payload.amount);
            }
        } else {
            // Unsupported asset type
            return false;
        }

        return true;
    }
```
As you can see, for ERC20 tokens, the function checks if the contract’s balance is not less than the transferred amount. The issue arises when the asset is a Fee on Transfer (FoT) token, as the transaction will always revert. This is because the contract receives less than the specified **`payload.amount`** due to the token's fee mechanism, causing the balance check to fail.

### Internal pre-conditions

Use of fee-on-transfer tokens.

### External pre-conditions

None.

### Attack Path

There is no attack vector, as the issue is inherent in the code itself.

### Impact

FoT tokens can't be used in the protocol, which contradicts the specifications outlined in the contest details.

>Protocol should work with all native and ERC20 tokens that adhear to standard including weird tokens.
No assumptions are made in regards to the properties of integrating tokens and weird trait tokens should be handled normally. Specifically we'd expect to interact with USDT and other stable coins/decimal 6 coins and erc20z from Zora as well as other fractional NFT contracts as long as they adhere to ERC20 standard. We aren't whitelisting tokens so any erc20 should work (including weird ones).

As you can see, any tokens, including weird ones like Fee-on-Transfer (FoT) tokens, can be used.

### PoC

To better understand the issue, consider the following example:
- A Fee-on-Transfer (FoT) token with a 2% fee per transaction is used.
- Bob calls **`allocate()`** with a request to transfer 100 tokens (payload.amount = 100).
- Although Bob attempts to transfer 100 tokens to the contract, only 98 tokens are actually received by the contract due to the 2% fee (2 tokens are deducted as the fee).
- The contract then checks **`if request.asset.balanceOf(address(this)) < payload.amount`**. In this case, 98 < 100 evaluates to true.
- Since the condition is met, the transaction reverts with the **`InvalidAllocation()`** custom error.


### Mitigation

This is not a trivial problem to solve because the contract's balance check is compared directly to the transferred amount, and with FoT tokens, the received amount will always be less. 
One possible solution is to remove the balance check, as the **`payload.amount`** is used in the **`transferFrom()`**. The actual amount received does not depend on internal balance accounting or events. Therefore, I believe this check can be avoided.