Beautiful Wintergreen Gorilla

Medium

# Inability to Handle Fee-on-Transfer Tokens in Budget Allocation

### Summary

The contract assumes that the full amount of tokens specified in a transfer will be received, without accounting for potential fees applied by non-standard ERC-20 tokens. This leads to a Denial of Service (DoS) when attempting to deposit fee-on-transfer (FOT) tokens into the budget.

According to the contest's README, the system is designed to support any ERC-20 token, including non-standard or "weird" ones, without requiring token whitelisting.

### Root Cause

In the `allocate`  function, the following comparison is made:

```solidity
          request.asset.safeTransferFrom(request.target, address(this), payload.amount);
            if (request.asset.balanceOf(address(this)) < payload.amount) {
                revert InvalidAllocation(request.asset, payload.amount);
            }
```

If the asset applies a transfer fee, the budget will only receive payload.amount - fee. As a result, for the first deposit, the condition `request.asset.balanceOf(address(this)) < payload.amount` will always evaluate to true, since the full `payload.amount` is never received due to the fee deduction, causing the transaction to revert.

### References

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/d9f597776cc2d20fbb19ffb1f7731126cf3b6210/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/budgets/ManagedBudget.sol#L70C13-L73C14


### Impact

Denial of Service (DoS) for FOT tokens : Any deposit using a token that applies a fee during transfer will revert, preventing users from depositing such tokens into the budget. This is particularly problematic because the contract is expected to support a wide range of ERC-20 tokens, including non-standard ones.


### Mitigation

Instead of assuming the full `payload.amount` will be received, compare the contract’s balance before and after the transfer to account for any fees or burns. This way, you can accurately determine how many tokens were actually transferred.