Quiet Sapphire Barbel

High

# Unnecessary check on `ManagedBudget::allocate` prevents allocation of Fee-On-Transfer tokens to the contract

### Summary

The `ManagedBudget::allocate` function contains an unnecessary balance check that prevents the allocation of tokens with fee-on-transfer mechanisms to the budget contract.


### Root Cause

In the `ManagedBudget::allocate` function, [a check](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/d9f597776cc2d20fbb19ffb1f7731126cf3b6210/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/budgets/ManagedBudget.sol#L71) is performed after the token transfer to ensure that the contract received the exact number of tokens specified. This check is problematic when handling fee-on-transfer tokens, where the transferred amount differs from the received amount due to fees applied during the transfer. Below is the relevant code snippet:
```solidity
function allocate(bytes calldata data_) external payable virtual override returns (bool) {
    Transfer memory request = abi.decode(data_, (Transfer));
    if (request.assetType == AssetType.ETH) {//...}
    else if (request.assetType == AssetType.ERC20) {
        FungiblePayload memory payload = abi.decode(request.data, (FungiblePayload));
        request.asset.safeTransferFrom(request.target, address(this), payload.amount);
>>>        if (request.asset.balanceOf(address(this)) < payload.amount) {
            revert InvalidAllocation(request.asset, payload.amount);
        }
    }
    // --SNIP

}
```
This balance check will cause the `allocate` function to revert when the token balance is reduced by the fee, thus preventing the allocation.

### Internal pre-conditions

- The token configured for the budget employs a fee-on-transfer mechanism.


### External pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

- A token with fee-on-transfer mechanism is configured for the Boost and the Budget
- The caller attempts to allocate tokens to the budget contract by invoking the `allocate` function.
- The `allocate` function reverts due to the unnecessary balance check, as the contract does not receive the exact amount specified because of the transfer fee.

### Impact

This issue prevents the allocation of fee-on-transfer tokens to the budget, making it impossible to claw back funds to the incentive contract. As a result, users are unable to claim their incentives


### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Consider removing the mentioned check above