Spare Carob Hyena

High

# Incorrect Fee Distribution and Overpayment Handling in `claimIncentiveFor`

### Summary

The `BoostCore` contract has a vulnerability in its `claimIncentiveFor` function. The function allows overpayments for the `claimFee`,. Additionally, the fee distribution logic using the global `claimFee` value instead of `msg.value` results in incorrect fee distribution. This issue affects the referral fee, boost owner’s share, and overcompensates the protocol fee receiver.

### Root Cause

The claimIncentiveFor function uses msg.value < claimFee to check the fee.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/d9f597776cc2d20fbb19ffb1f7731126cf3b6210/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L164C5-L180C6

```solidity
        function claimIncentiveFor(
        uint256 boostId_,
        uint256 incentiveId_,
        address referrer_,
        bytes calldata data_,
        address claimant
    ) public payable nonReentrant {
        BoostLib.Boost storage boost = _boosts[boostId_];
 @>> if (msg.value < claimFee) revert BoostError.InsufficientFunds(address(0), msg.value, claimFee);
        _routeClaimFee(boost, referrer_);

        // wake-disable-next-line reentrancy (false positive, function is nonReentrant)
        if (!boost.validator.validate(boostId_, incentiveId_, claimant, data_)) revert BoostError.Unauthorized();
        if (!boost.incentives[incentiveId_].claim(claimant, data_)) {
            revert BoostError.ClaimFailed(claimant, data_);
        }
    }

```
 Furthermore, the _routeClaimFee function calculates fee distribution based on the global claimFee instead of the actual msg.value, leading to inaccurate fee distribution among the referrer, boost owner, and protocol fee receiver when overpayments occur.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/d9f597776cc2d20fbb19ffb1f7731126cf3b6210/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L305C5-L319C6


```solidity
        function _routeClaimFee(BoostLib.Boost storage boost, address referrer_) internal {
        if (claimFee == 0) return;
 @>>    uint256 netFee = claimFee;

        // If a referrer is provided, transfer the revshare and reduce the net fee
        if (referrer_ != address(0)) {
            uint256 referralShare = claimFee * boost.referralFee / FEE_DENOMINATOR;
            netFee -= referralShare;
            referrer_.safeTransferETH(referralShare);
        }

        // The remaining fee is split between the owner and the protocol
        boost.owner.safeTransferETH(netFee / 2);
        protocolFeeReceiver.safeTransferETH(address(this).balance);
    }


```


### Internal pre-conditions

none

### External pre-conditions

none

### Attack Path

1. An user calls the claimIncentiveFor function with an overpaid msg.value.

2. Due to the msg.value < claimFee check, overpayments are accepted.

3. The _routeClaimFee function incorrectly distributes the fees based on the global claimFee value instead of the actual msg.value.
The referrer receives less than their intended percentage, the boost owner gets an incorrect share, and the protocol fee receiver obtains the remaining contract balance, which may be more than its fair share.

### Impact

1. Referrer Undercompensated: Receives less than the proper percentage of the actual fee paid.
2. Boost Owner Shortchanged: Does not receive the correct half of the remaining fee after referral payout.
3. Protocol Fee Receiver Overcompensated: Ends up with more than its intended share, potentially causing financial loss to legitimate parties and undermining the fairness and integrity of the protocol.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Modify the claimIncentiveFor function to only allow exact payments and accurately handle overpayments.