Spare Carob Hyena

High

# Bypass of Legitimate Referrals in BoostCore

### Summary

The `claimIncentiveFor` function allows any user to specify a referrer address. This design means that users can bypass valid referrals by simply passing their own address as the referrer, thereby ensuring they always receive the referral fee.

### Root Cause

The function signature of claimIncentiveFor includes a referrer parameter that can be arbitrarily set by the caller. There is no validation mechanism to ensure the provided referrer address is a legitimate referrer.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/d9f597776cc2d20fbb19ffb1f7731126cf3b6210/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L164C5-L180C6

```solidity
        function claimIncentiveFor(
        uint256 boostId_,
        uint256 incentiveId_,
 @>>    address referrer_,
        bytes calldata data_,
        address claimant
    ) public payable nonReentrant {
        BoostLib.Boost storage boost = _boosts[boostId_];
        if (msg.value < claimFee) revert BoostError.InsufficientFunds(address(0), msg.value, claimFee);
        _routeClaimFee(boost, referrer_);

        // wake-disable-next-line reentrancy (false positive, function is nonReentrant)
        if (!boost.validator.validate(boostId_, incentiveId_, claimant, data_)) revert BoostError.Unauthorized();
        if (!boost.incentives[incentiveId_].claim(claimant, data_)) {
            revert BoostError.ClaimFailed(claimant, data_);
        }
    }

```

### Internal pre-conditions

none

### External pre-conditions

none

### Attack Path

1. A user calls the claimIncentiveFor function and provides their own address as the referrer.
2. The function processes as normal, without verifying the legitimacy of the referral.
3. The user ends up receiving the referral fee intended for legitimate referrers, bypassing the protocol's referral logic.

### Impact

1, Misallocated Referral Fees: Incentivizes users to abuse the referral system, resulting in referral fees being paid out falsely.
2. Undermines Referral Program: Legitimate referrers do not receive their due incentives, reducing the effectiveness and fairness of the referral program.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Implement a verification mechanism to ensure that the provided referrer address is valid and eligible for referral fees.