Spare Carob Hyena

High

# Incorrect Protocol Fee Distribution in BoostCore

### Summary

The `BoostCore` contract features a `protocolFee` that can be set by the owner. Each Boost saves its own `boost.protocolFee` calculated as `protocolFee + payload_.protocolFee`. However, when distributing the fee, in the `_routeClaimFee` function, the protocol fee rate is not considered. Instead, the protocol fee receiver is paid based on the leftovers from the `claimFee` distribution, disregarding the `boost.protocolFee` settings.

### Root Cause

The `_routeClaimFee` function distributes the leftovers of the `claimFee` to the `protocolFeeReceiver`, without considering the `boost.protocolFee` rate set during the Boost creation. This oversight ignores the intended protocol fee mechanisms defined in the contract.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/d9f597776cc2d20fbb19ffb1f7731126cf3b6210/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L305C5-L319C6

```solidity
    function _routeClaimFee(BoostLib.Boost storage boost, address referrer_) internal {
        if (claimFee == 0) return;
        uint256 netFee = claimFee;

        // If a referrer is provided, transfer the revshare and reduce the net fee
        if (referrer_ != address(0)) {
            uint256 referralShare = claimFee * boost.referralFee / FEE_DENOMINATOR;
            netFee -= referralShare;
            referrer_.safeTransferETH(referralShare);
        }

        // The remaining fee is split between the owner and the protocol
        boost.owner.safeTransferETH(netFee / 2);
  @>>   protocolFeeReceiver.safeTransferETH(address(this).balance);
    }

```


### Internal pre-conditions

none

### External pre-conditions

none

### Attack Path

1. A Boost is created with a boost.protocolFee value.
2. When claimIncentiveFor is called, the _routeClaimFee function neglects the boost.protocolFee and distributes based on leftovers.
3. The protocolFeeReceiver does not receive the intended protocol fee, and instead, it gets whatever remains after referrer and boost owner distributions.

### Impact

Incorrect Fee Allocation: The protocol fee receiver does not receive the intended protocol fee percentage

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Update the _routeClaimFee function to consider the boost.protocolFee when distributing the claim fee. Ensure the correct protocol fee is calculated and distributed based on the boost.protocolFee setting.