Spare Carob Hyena

Medium

# Incompatibility with Fee-on-Transfer ERC20 Tokens in allocate

### Summary

The `allocate` function in the `ManagedBudget` contract fails to account for ERC20 tokens that implement a fee on transfer mechanism. The function checks if the contract's balance increases by the expected amount after a transfer, but tokens that deduct a fee will cause this check to fail, making them incompatible with the allocate function.

### Root Cause

The `allocate` function assumes that the transferred amount will match the expected amount. For tokens that deduct a fee on transfer, the contract receives less than the specified amount, causing the balance check to fail and triggering a revert.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/d9f597776cc2d20fbb19ffb1f7731126cf3b6210/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/budgets/ManagedBudget.sol#L66C6-L73C14

```solidity
        } else if (request.assetType == AssetType.ERC20) {
            FungiblePayload memory payload = abi.decode(request.data, (FungiblePayload));

            // Transfer `payload.amount` of the token to this contract
            request.asset.safeTransferFrom(request.target, address(this), payload.amount);
  @>>       if (request.asset.balanceOf(address(this)) < payload.amount) {
                revert InvalidAllocation(request.asset, payload.amount);
            }

```

### Internal pre-conditions

none

### External pre-conditions

none

### Attack Path

1. A user tries to allocate a fee-on-transfer ERC20 token to a Boost.
2. The allocate function initiates the transfer via safeTransferFrom.
3. The balance of the contract increases by an amount less than payload.amount due to the token transfer fee.
4. The check if (request.asset.balanceOf(address(this)) < payload.amount) fails.
5. The function reverts with InvalidAllocation, preventing the allocation of fee-on-transfer tokens.

### Impact

Incompatibility with Fee-on-Transfer Tokens: Such tokens cannot be used with the ManagedBudget's allocate function

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

To mitigate this issue, calculate the actual amount received after the transfer and use this value for further logic.