Spare Carob Hyena

Medium

# Incompatibility with Fee-on-Transfer Tokens in initialize

### Summary

In the `ERC20Incentive` contract's `initialize` function, the maximum reward amount (`maxTotalReward`) is calculated based on `init_.reward * init_.limit` when the strategy is not `Strategy.RAFFLE`. This calculation does not account for fee-on-transfer tokens, where a portion of the transferred tokens is taken as a fee. As a result, the actual contract balance will be less than the calculated `maxTotalReward`, causing the initialization to fail with an `InsufficientFunds` error.

### Root Cause

The initialization function assumes that the entire transferred amount will be available in the contract's balance. For fee-on-transfer tokens, this assumption is false because a fee is deducted from each transfer, resulting in a lower actual balance than expected.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/d9f597776cc2d20fbb19ffb1f7731126cf3b6210/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L42C8-L43C66

```solidity
        uint256 maxTotalReward = init_.strategy != Strategy.RAFFLE ? init_.reward * init_.limit : init_.reward;
        uint256 available = init_.asset.balanceOf(address(this));

```

### Internal pre-conditions

none

### External pre-conditions

fee on transfer token used 

### Attack Path

1. A user attempts to initialize an incentive with a fee-on-transfer ERC20 token.
2. The initialize function calculates maxTotalReward as init_.reward * init_.limit.
3. The balance check if (available < maxTotalReward) fails because the actual contract balance is less than the maxTotalReward due to the transfer fee.
4. The function reverts with BoostError.InsufficientFunds, preventing the incentive from being initialized.

### Impact

Incompatibility with Fee-on-Transfer Tokens: Such tokens cannot be used to initialize incentives

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

To mitigate this issue, the actual amount received after the transfer should be calculated, and the reward and limit should be adjusted accordingly.