Salty Latte Tardigrade

High

# False positive allocation success on token transfer failure in ManagedBudget contract

## Summary
The vulnerability in the allocate() occurs when transferring tokens using safeTransferFrom. If the transfer fails but the contract already has a balance greater than the requested amount, the function may return true, falsely indicating success. This can lead to incorrect accounting and potential fund mismanagement. 

## Vulnerability Detail
The allocate function processes asset allocation by handling ETH, ERC20, and ERC1155 transfers. In the case of ERC20 token transfers, the function uses the safeTransferFrom method to move payload.amount from the request.target to the contract. However, if the safeTransferFrom call fails (due to an allowance issue, insufficient balance, or a transfer failure), the subsequent balance check request.asset.balanceOf(address(this)) < payload.amount might still pass if there was a pre-existing token balance in the contract.
This would result in the function incorrectly returning true, indicating a successful allocation when in reality, the transfer may have failed. This could lead to incorrect accounting and potential loss of funds or misrepresentation of assets within the contract.
This logic also works in case of ERC1155 transferring.

## Impact
The contract may assume funds were transferred when they were not, leading to misrepresentation of holdings and potential loss of trust or funds.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/budgets/ManagedBudget.sol#L57-L90

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Instead of checking the total balance after the transfer, track the balance before and after the transfer to ensure the exact amount has been transferred.
**- ERC20**
```solidity
uint256 beforeBalance = request.asset.balanceOf(address(this));
request.asset.safeTransferFrom(request.target, address(this), payload.amount);
uint256 afterBalance = request.asset.balanceOf(address(this));

if (afterBalance - beforeBalance != payload.amount) {
    revert InvalidAllocation(request.asset, payload.amount);
}
```
**- ERC1155**
```solidity
uint256 balanceBefore = IERC1155(request.asset).balanceOf(address(this), payload.tokenId);
IERC1155(request.asset).safeTransferFrom(
     request.target, address(this), payload.tokenId, payload.amount, payload.data
);
uint256 balanceAfter = IERC1155(request.asset).balanceOf(address(this), payload.tokenId);

if (balanceAfter != balanceBefore + payload.amount) {
     revert InvalidAllocation(request.asset, payload.amount);
}
```