Ancient Neon Koala

High

# DoS of claims by fee recipients

## Summary
A malicious fee recipients can cause a DoS of incentive claims, breaking core functionality of the protocol. Loss of funds also results for the other fee recipients, as well as for the user unable to make his rightful claim.

## Vulnerability Detail
When the incentive of a boost is claimed, a fee is collected:

```solidity
    function claimIncentiveFor(
        uint256 boostId_,
        uint256 incentiveId_,
        address referrer_,
        bytes calldata data_,
        address claimant
    ) public payable nonReentrant {
        BoostLib.Boost storage boost = _boosts[boostId_];
        if (msg.value < claimFee) revert BoostError.InsufficientFunds(address(0), msg.value, claimFee);
        _routeClaimFee(boost, referrer_);


        // wake-disable-next-line reentrancy (false positive, function is nonReentrant)
        if (!boost.validator.validate(boostId_, incentiveId_, claimant, data_)) revert BoostError.Unauthorized();
        if (!boost.incentives[incentiveId_].claim(claimant, data_)) {
            revert BoostError.ClaimFailed(claimant, data_);
        }
    }
```

This fee is split between:
1. Referrer
2. Boost owner
3. Protocol fee receiver

Since the fee is sent using a push mechanism, this introduces the risk of DoS to the incentive claim process. Any of the above parties can intentionally revert upon receiving their ETH fee, causing DoS for the entire claim.

## Impact
Malicious fee recipients can cause DoS for the claiming of incentives, nullifying the entire value proposition of a boost for users and eroding trust in the protocol. Not only do users lose funds from claims which they rightfully earned, the other fee receivers miss out on their fee rewards as well.

Note: while the protocol fee receiver is trusted and unlikely to behave maliciously, the boost owner is not fully trusted. Currently, anyone can create a boost judging by the `PassThroughAuth` authenticating boost owners (this contract can also be unset, further implying unpermissioned access). This is incredibly problematic since boosts can be created which scam users into performing actions, while fundamentally being impossible to claim the rewards for, causing loss of resources as well as reducing trust in the overall Boost protocol.

Further, the referrer is not permissioned / trusted at all, as these are external parties of the protocol. Even if just this actor behaves maliciously, it could still cause the described vulnerability.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L173

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L305

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider adopting a pull mechanism that allows fee recipients to claim an accrued fee reward rather than directly transferring the fee to them within the claiming process.