Ancient Neon Koala

High

# Incorrect assessment and loss of protocol fee

## Summary
The protocol fee is not correctly assessed across all boosts, resulting in loss of fees for boost creators. This incorrect fee assessment could also be abused to cause a total loss of the protocol fee. 

## Vulnerability Detail
When claiming incentives, user must pay a fee which is split between a referrer, the boost creator, and the protocol. The base protocol fee that is assessed is specified, and boost creators have the option to assess a higher percentage than this base rate:

```solidity
    /// @notice The base protocol fee (in bps)
    uint64 public protocolFee = 1_000; // 10%
... 
    function createBoost(bytes calldata data_)
...
        boost.protocolFee = protocolFee + payload_.protocolFee;
```

However, when the protocol fee is assessed, both the boost-specific, as well as base protocol fee parameters are completely ignored.

```solidity
    function _routeClaimFee(BoostLib.Boost storage boost, address referrer_) internal {
        if (claimFee == 0) return;
        uint256 netFee = claimFee;


        // If a referrer is provided, transfer the revshare and reduce the net fee
        if (referrer_ != address(0)) {
            uint256 referralShare = claimFee * boost.referralFee / FEE_DENOMINATOR;
            netFee -= referralShare;
            referrer_.safeTransferETH(referralShare);
        }


        // The remaining fee is split between the owner and the protocol
        boost.owner.safeTransferETH(netFee / 2);
        protocolFeeReceiver.safeTransferETH(address(this).balance);
    }
}
```

Under the current logic, the protocol effectively takes half of the net fee after paying out the referrer. In the event that the default protocol and referral fees of 10% were used, the protocol fee turns out to be 50% when a referral is not set and 45% when it is - a drastic deviation from the 10% fee which is stated as the specification.

Furthermore, the protocol fee will essentially be dependent on the referral fee, since only the remainder is sent to the protocol. Not only does this result in unpredictable protocol fees which are not independent of other fees in the system, it can cause total loss of fee payments for the protocol. By setting the referral fee to 100%, the protocol will receive no share of the claim fee. While this harms the boost creator as well, this type of behavior is incentivized as the creator fee is underpaid and the referral potentially not needing to split the fee with the protocol will drastically subsidize engagement.

## Impact
The current core fee functionality across all boosts is broken. Boost creators are underpaid their fair share of fees. Additionally, protocol fee payments are unpredictable and can boosts can even avoid paying out any fee to the protocol, resulting in further loss of funds.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L67

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L121

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L305-L320

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider assessing the protocol fee directly by calculating the protocol fee payout as:

```solidity
uint256 protocolShare = claimFee * boost.protocolFee / FEE_DENOMINATOR;
```

The boost owner could then receive the leftover amount after independently assessing the protocol and referrer fees. If there are concerns about trapped ETH from users paying more than `claimFee`, an `emergencyWithdraw` function could be added as well:

```solidity
function emergencyWithdraw() external onlyOwner {
    protocolFeeReceiver.safeTransferETH(address(this).balance);
}
```