Ancient Neon Koala

Medium

# Fee payment not to spec

## Summary
Referral and creator fees are paid out based on the stored `claimFee` value, while the protocol fee is paid out based on the provided `msg.value`. This results in deviation from the specification for the protocol and referral fees, which are both specified as a percentage of the fee amount.

Fee application is not guaranteed to abide by these parameters and can result in underpayment of referrer and creator fees.

## Vulnerability Detail
The protocol and referral fees are both specified in bps:

```solidity
    /// @notice The base protocol fee (in bps)
    uint64 public protocolFee = 1_000; // 10%


    /// @notice The base referral fee (in bps)
    uint64 public referralFee = 1_000; // 10%
```

When incentives are claimed for a boost, a user provides some ETH to cover a claiming fee, which is then split accordingly:
```solidity
    function claimIncentiveFor(
...
        if (msg.value < claimFee) revert BoostError.InsufficientFunds(address(0), msg.value, claimFee);
        _routeClaimFee(boost, referrer_);
...

    function _routeClaimFee(BoostLib.Boost storage boost, address referrer_) internal {
        if (claimFee == 0) return;
        uint256 netFee = claimFee;


        // If a referrer is provided, transfer the revshare and reduce the net fee
        if (referrer_ != address(0)) {
            uint256 referralShare = claimFee * boost.referralFee / FEE_DENOMINATOR;
            netFee -= referralShare;
            referrer_.safeTransferETH(referralShare);
        }


        // The remaining fee is split between the owner and the protocol
        boost.owner.safeTransferETH(netFee / 2);
        protocolFeeReceiver.safeTransferETH(address(this).balance);
    }
```

However, there are significant inconsistencies that result from this fee application which deviate from the specifications for these fee rates. 

First, note that its possibly for users to overpay the `claimFee`, since the check `if(msg.value < claimFee)` makes no such restriction against overpayment. However, when `_routeClaimFee` is invoked, the stored value of `claimFee` is used rather than `msg.value` to determine `netFee` and `referralShare` which are paid out to the boost creator and referrer. But `address(this).balance` is used to determine the protocolFee payout, which is tied to `msg.value`.

In the event that the user overpays his claiming fee, the protocol and referral fee percentages will not be assessed consistently with their specification. 

Note: the fee calculation includes a separate, distinct issue #3
This issue stems from inconsistent usage of `msg.value` and `claimFee`, while that issue refers to omission of the `boost.protocolFee` in calculations altogether.

## Impact
Deviation from specification for `protocolFee` and `referralFee`, as well as underpayment of fees to referrer and boost creator when a user provides more ETH than `claimFee`. 

Since the specification defines both `protocolFee` and `referralFee` as percentages of a fee amount, they should be applied consistently to the same amount. The ambiguity of whether these apply to `claimFee` or `msg.value` is irrelevant; one of the percentages should not be applied to `msg.value` while the other is applied to `claimFee`.

The protocol will take a larger share of both the claim fee and total fee paid than specified in the event that a user overpays when claiming his incentive. The referrer will take a smaller share than specified.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L66-L70

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L164

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L305-L319

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Either enforce `msg.value = claimFee` or levy all fees against `msg.value` rather than `claimFee` to ensure consistency with the specification of the system fees.