Melted Nylon Barbel

Medium

# ``setApprovalForAll`` can be abused to transfer more tokens to budget than intended

## Summary
The only way to approve ERC1155 tokens is through ``setApprovalForAll`` which is not restricted to certain set of token IDs, quantities. 
Combined with the face that ``safeTransferFrom`` on ``request.target`` when someone calls ``allocate()``, a user can transfer more ERC1155 tokens to budget than intended. 

## Vulnerability Detail
The ``allocate`` function in a budget contract can be used by anyone to allocate funds. 
```Solidity
    function allocate(bytes calldata data_) external payable virtual override returns (bool) {
     //... 
```
You can either allocate ETH/ERC20 or ERC1155. Consider a scenario of ``ManagedBudget.sol`` where we have multiple approvals of users. 
Suppose Alice and Bob both an approval for ERC1155 for ``ManagedBudget``. 
The only way we can approve ERC1155 tokens is by calling ``setApprovalForAll`` which allows an operator to manage one’s entire set of tokens on behalf of the approver.

In order to allocate, one needs to pass calldata in the form of Transfer struct. 
```Solidity
    struct Transfer {
        AssetType assetType;
        address asset;
        address target;
        bytes data;
    }
```
The function decodes this calldata and check if assetType is ETH/ERC20 or ERC1155 . If it's 1155, then the function attempts to call ``safeTransferFrom`` on ``request.target`` . This target could be any address as long as they have approved to budget contract. 

1. Alice wants to allocate 3 ERC1155 tokens of tokenId 1. She approves and calls allocate. 
2. Malicious Bob frontruns and called allocate again but specified request.target as alice and provided 10 ERC1155 of tokenId 1
3. Transfer of tokens happened from Alice's address which is more than intended

While this case will be considered as user's mistake is they gave infinite approval for ERC20, in case of ERC1155 a user have no choice but to approve all of their tokens.

## Impact
ERC1155 tokens could be transferred from any user to Budget contract without their will. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/budgets/ManagedBudget.sol#L57-L90

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Either perform transferFrom on msg.sender or restrict approval to certain number with additional interface or external contract.