Lone Lipstick Goose

Medium

# Lack of Excess Ether Refund in claimIncentiveFor Function Leading to Potential Overpayment

## Summary

The `BoostCore::claimIncentiveFor` function accepts Ether to cover a claim fee but does not handle cases where users send excess Ether. There is no refund mechanism in place to return any Ether sent beyond the required `claimFee`. This could lead to users overpaying unintentionally without receiving any refund for the extra amount.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `BoostCore::claimIncentiveFor` function only checks if the Ether sent (`msg.value`) is sufficient to cover the `claimFee`, but it does not account for any excess Ether. If a user sends more Ether than necessary, the additional amount is not refunded, potentially leading to accidental overpayment without compensation.

### Root Cause

The lack of logic in the `BoostCore::claimIncentiveFor` function to return excess Ether results in users unintentionally sending more Ether than the required fee and not receiving a refund for the surplus.

## Impact

Users  lose funds if they mistakenly send more Ether than needed to cover the `claimFee`. While this does not affect the contract’s core functionality, it negatively impacts user experience and trust.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L164
## Tool Used
Manual Review


## Recommendation

Implement a mechanism to refund any excess Ether sent by users. After routing the claimFee, the contract should return any surplus Ether back to the sender. like below:

```diff
function claimIncentiveFor(
    uint256 boostId_,
    uint256 incentiveId_,
    address referrer_,
    bytes calldata data_,
    address claimant
) public payable nonReentrant {
    BoostLib.Boost storage boost = _boosts[boostId_];
+   uint256 excess = msg.value - claimFee;
+   if (excess > 0) {
+    payable(msg.sender).transfer(excess);
+   }

    if (msg.value < claimFee) revert BoostError.InsufficientFunds(address(0), msg.value, claimFee);
    _routeClaimFee(boost, referrer_);

    if (!boost.validator.validate(boostId_, incentiveId_, claimant, data_)) revert BoostError.Unauthorized();
    if (!boost.incentives[incentiveId_].claim(claimant, data_)) {
        revert BoostError.ClaimFailed(claimant, data_);
    }
```