Perfect Admiral Eel

High

# Loss of Fee in Boost Protocol Due to Referral Fee Manipulation

## Summary
A vulnerability in the createBoost() function allows a Boost creator to set the referralFee to the value of FEE_DENOMINATOR. This results in the referral fee being equal to the claim fee, reducing the net fee to zero, and preventing the protocol from receiving any funds. A user can exploit this by setting themselves as the referral account, effectively refunding the full fee to themselves.

## Vulnerability Detail

In the createBoost() function, both platform and referral fees are set:
- [Platform fee](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L121)
- [Referral Fee](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L122)

A malicious Boost creator can set the `referralFee` equal to `FEE_DENOMINATOR`, leading to the following calculation in the [_routeClaimFee()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L305)  function:
```solidity
uint256 referralShare = claimFee * boost.referralFee / FEE_DENOMINATOR;
```

If referralFee == FEE_DENOMINATOR, then referralShare = claimFee, and minimum fee should be equal to claim fee
```solidity
if (msg.value < claimFee) revert BoostError.InsufficientFunds(address(0), msg.value, claimFee);
```
causing the netFee to become zero. This manipulation allows the user (by acting as their own referral) to claim the entire fee, leaving the protocol with no funds.

## Impact
The manipulation of the referralFee results in a loss of fees for the Boost Protocol.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L305-L319

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To prevent this, restrict the referralFee to a maximum allowed value (less than FEE_DENOMINATOR). This will ensure that the protocol always receives its portion of the fee, even if a referral is used.