Joyous Satin Gecko

High

# Incorrect fee calculation will result in lower fees earned by the protocol

### Summary

Incorrect calculation in `_routeClaimFee` function inside `BoostCore` contract result in lower fees earned by protocol.

### Root Cause

In `_routeClaimFee` fees should be calculated using `boost.referralFee` and `boost.protocolFee`. In case these two fees are lower than 100% of `claimFee` the remaining amount should be sent to boost owner. In current implementation the fees are calculated as:

1. `referralShare` is first calculated as `uint256 referralShare = (claimFee * boost.referralFee) / FEE_DENOMINATOR;`

2. Later this value is subtracted from `netFee`.

3. `netFee` is divided by two and sent to boost owner.

4. Rest of the contract's ether balance is sent to protcol.

The issue is that the `protocolFee` is completly unused and the order in which the fees are charged is incorrect. As a result protocol will not receive the expected procentage of the `claimFee`. It is worth noting that `setProtocolFee` function will not affect the fee precentage received by protocol since `boost.protocolFee` is not used in calculation.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L310-L318


### Internal pre-conditions

Boost needs to be created with positive `protocolFee` and `referralFee` values.

### External pre-conditions

None

### Attack Path

1. User creates boost with `payload_.protocolFee` = 4000 and `payload_.referralFee` = 2000. `boost.protocolFee` is equal to 5000 and `boost.referralFee` = 3000, it means that the protocol should receive 50% of the `claimFee` and the referrer should receive 30%. Rest (20%) should be sent to boost owner.

2. User calls `claimIncentiveFor`. The referrer receives 30%, the boost owner receives 35% and the protocol receives 35%.

### Impact

Protocol will not receive expected precentage of `claimFee` resulting in loss of funds. The fees are not correctly calculated.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Modify `_routeClaimFee` function. It should send fees to the referrer, protocol and owner based on fees (in bps) in boost.

Example pseudocode:

```javascript
function _routeClaimFee(BoostLib.Boost storage boost, address referrer_) internal {
        if (claimFee == 0) return;

        // If a referrer is provided, transfer the revshare and reduce the net fee
        if (referrer_ != address(0)) {
            uint256 referralShare = claimFee * boost.referralFee / FEE_DENOMINATOR;
            referrer_.safeTransferETH(referralShare);
        }

        protocolFeeReceiver.safeTransferETH(claimFee * boost.protocolFee / FEE_DENOMINATOR);

        boost.owner.safeTransferETH(address(this).balance);
    }
```