Itchy Mulberry Mandrill

Medium

# Hardcoded 50/50 split of claimFee instead of using the protocolFee parameter

## Summary

With every call to claimIncentiveFor(), the sender is charged a claimFee. This fee is supposed to be split between the referrer, boost owner, and protocol owner in a ratio that should be determined by the parameters protocolFee and referralFee. The problem is that this is not the case, and the protocolFee parameter is not taken into account when determining the shares.

## Vulnerability Detail

The protocolFee parameter is set in two steps. First, the protocol sets it at a global level. Then, when a boost is created, a second value defined by the boost owner is added to the global protocolFee value. The place where the actual distribution happens is the _routeClaimFee function. 

```solidity
function _routeClaimFee(BoostLib.Boost storage boost, address referrer_) internal {
    if (claimFee == 0) return;
    uint256 netFee = claimFee;


    // If a referrer is provided, transfer the revshare and reduce the net fee
    if (referrer_ != address(0)) {
        uint256 referralShare = claimFee * boost.referralFee / FEE_DENOMINATOR;
        netFee -= referralShare;
        referrer_.safeTransferETH(referralShare);
    }


    // The remaining fee is split between the owner and the protocol
    boost.owner.safeTransferETH(netFee / 2);
    protocolFeeReceiver.safeTransferETH(address(this).balance);
}
```

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/78930f2ed6570f30e356b5529bd4bcbe5194eb8b/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L305-L319

As seen, the referralShare is first calculated and transferred to the referrer, and the remainder is then split equally between the boost owner and protocolFeeReceiver. The protocolFee parameter is not taken into account, which means that the protocol may expect to receive a 70% share of the fee (which is in the range [0,100%] defined in the README) but only ends up receiving 50%. There are several instances in the tests where it is checked whether the protocolFee setting function works correctly, which supports the claim that this parameter is incorrectly not used in the distribution of the claimFee.

## Impact

Loss of funds for the protocol from fees occurs due to the hardcoded value that disregards the protocolFee parameter.

## Code Snippet

Above.

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Update the _routeClaimFee function to use protocolFee instead of a hard coded value.