Formal Charcoal Albatross

Medium

# Incorrect Handling of Fee-on-Transfer Tokens in ManagedBudget

## Summary

## Vulnerability Detail

The current implementation of the `allocate` function in ManagedBudget.sol does not correctly handle `ERC20` tokens that have a `fee-on-transfer` mechanism. This can lead to the `function` incorrectly reverting with an `InvalidAllocation error`, even when the transfer was successful but the received amount was less due to the fee.

The affected code is in the allocate function, specifically the section handling ERC20 token transfers:
```solidity
// Transfer `payload.amount` of the token to this contract
request.asset.safeTransferFrom(request.target, address(this), payload.amount);
if (request.asset.balanceOf(address(this)) < payload.amount) {
    revert InvalidAllocation(request.asset, payload.amount);
}

```
### **Example Scenario**

Consider an ERC20 token with a 2% fee on transfers. Here's how the current logic fails:

1. **Transfer Attempt**:
    - The `safeTransferFrom` function is called to transfer `payload.amount` tokens from `request.target` to the contract's address.
    - Suppose `payload.amount` is 100 tokens.
2. **Fee Deduction**:
    - Due to the 2% fee, only 98 tokens are actually transferred to the contract, and 2 tokens are taken as a fee.
3. **Balance Check**:
    - The contract checks if its balance of the token is at least `payload.amount` (100 tokens).
    - Since the contract only received 98 tokens, the balance check fails (`98 < 100`).
4. **Reversion**:
    - The contract incorrectly reverts with `InvalidAllocation(request.asset, payload.amount)`.

## Impact

This issue affects any ERC20 token with a fee-on-transfer mechanism, causing the allocate function to revert incorrectly. This can prevent the contract from correctly handling such tokens, leading to failed allocations and potential disruptions in the contract's operations.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/78930f2ed6570f30e356b5529bd4bcbe5194eb8b/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/budgets/ManagedBudget.sol#L66C11-L74C10

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
* To handle fee-on-transfer tokens correctly, the logic should be adjusted to check the balance before and after the transfer and calculate the actual amount received.