Glamorous Gingham Vulture

Medium

# The allocate function does not account for “fee on transfer” (FOT) tokens

## Summary
The allocate function does not account for “fee on transfer” (FOT) tokens, which may cause the function to revert if such tokens are transferred. This issue arises because the function assumes the full amount of tokens will be transferred without any deductions.

## Vulnerability Detail
The function allocate attempts to transfer a specified amount of ERC20 tokens to the contract using safeTransferFrom. However, for FOT tokens, a portion of the transferred amount is deducted as a fee, resulting in the contract receiving less than the intended amount. The subsequent balance check (request.asset.balanceOf(address(this)) < payload.amount) fails because the contract’s balance is lower than the expected amount, causing the function to revert with an InvalidAllocation error.

This bug exist with the protocol team affirming that the protocol is poised to function with Usdt and similar stable coins/ 6 decimal tokens. In this scenario, Usdt is a FOT.

## Impact
This vulnerability can cause the allocate function to revert when handling FOT tokens, preventing the successful execution of the function. This can disrupt the contract’s operations and lead to a denial of service affecting users who attempt to transfer FOT tokens.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
function allocate(bytes calldata data_) external payable virtual override returns (bool) {
Transfer memory request = abi.decode(data_, (Transfer));
        if (request.assetType == AssetType.ETH) {
            FungiblePayload memory payload = abi.decode(request.data, (FungiblePayload));

            // Ensure the value received is equal to the `payload.amount`
            if (msg.value != payload.amount) {
                revert InvalidAllocation(request.asset, payload.amount);
            }


    if (request.assetType == AssetType.ERC20) {
        FungiblePayload memory payload = abi.decode(request.data, (FungiblePayload));

        // Transfer `payload.amount` of the token to this contract
        request.asset.safeTransferFrom(request.target, address(this), payload.amount);
        if (request.asset.balanceOf(address(this)) < payload.amount) { 
            revert InvalidAllocation(request.asset, payload.amount);
        }
    }
    // other logic...
}

```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To handle FOT tokens, modify the function to account for the fee deducted during the transfer. 