Modern Blood Raccoon

High

# Improper handling of the `ERC20 FOT [Fee on Trasfer]` token leads to stuck of fund for the user.

## Summary
When someone will use ERC20 the FOT [Fee on Transfer] token to setup the Boost there funds will always get stucked in the `ManagedBudget` contract.

## Vulnerability Detail
When someone will try to use the Boost for their marketing or for any purpose while using the ERC20 Fee on Transfer token they will end up their token being stucked in the Contract balance.
Because when someone uses the FOT tokens to set up their budget they will use the `ManagedBudger::allocate()` while setting up the budget when they will pass the data along with the amount for the budget in encoded into bytes.
It will use this part of the code for the functionality.
```solidity
else if (request.assetType == AssetType.ERC20) {
            FungiblePayload memory payload = abi.decode(request.data, (FungiblePayload));

            // Transfer `payload.amount` of the token to this contract
            request.asset.safeTransferFrom(request.target, address(this), payload.amount);
            if (request.asset.balanceOf(address(this)) < payload.amount) {
                revert InvalidAllocation(request.asset, payload.amount);
            }
```
As we can see The Transfer will be done before any checks and As we know the FOT tokens contains fee. 
- So Let's suppose if the mentioned amount is 100 tokens and after fees the contract will receive 95 token's we are considering a 5% fees here.
- But after the succesfull token transfer when the other if statement will run it will revert as the `balanceOf(address(this))` means the budget contract will be 95 and the mentioned amount which is being passed as a data is 100 tokens.
- The transaction got reverted but the token is not being transferred back. So the now the token which is been sent to the contract is stucked in the contract and the user will incur the fund loss.

## Impact
Loss of Funds for the user because of improper handling of the ERC20 Fee on transfer tokens.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/budgets/ManagedBudget.sol#L57-L90

## Tool used

Manual Review, Foundry

## Recommendation
Maybe here you can try implementing different or separate functions for the Fee on Transfer function or maybe add a way to send back the user funds which gets stuck.