Wobbly Cinnamon Leopard

High

# BoostCore miss some functionnalities

### Summary

In the `ERC20Incentives.sol`, there is a [`drawRaffle()` function](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L137-L145) to randomly choose the winner. On most of incentives there is a `clawback` function. Incentive contracts should be initialized by the `BoostCore` contract. Then, the owner of each incentive is the `BoostCore` contract. But there is no way to call `drawRaffle()` or `clawback` from `BoostCore` since only the owner can call those functions.

### Root Cause

All incentives are always initialized by BoostCore. Let's see why.

In the only function to createBoost, we have [this line](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L128) :

```solidity
boost.incentives = _makeIncentives(payload_.incentives, payload_.budget);
```
Which then call this for each incentive set:

```solidity
incentives[i].initialize(targets_[i].parameters);
```

And finally in the initialization of the `ERC20Incentives.sol` we have:
```solidity
_initializeOwner(msg.sender);
```

There is no way to bypass the initialization. So for each incentive, the BoostCore contract is the owner. And this is why we have the `onlyOwner` on the claim function of each incentives for example.

But on the BoostCore contract, there is no way to call:
 - `drawRaffle()` function of `ERC20Incentives.sol`. If the strategy of `ERC20Incentives.sol` is set to Strategy.RAFFLE, then all users who called the `claim` function will never be able to win or loss.
 - every `clawback()` functions

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

_No response_

### Impact

The protocol will not work as wanted. Some users funds can be lost for example the claim of the `ERC20Incentives.sol` will never be possible.

### PoC

Add a POC is not possible here since we have to proove there is no way to do something.

The actual tests work because incentives contracts are tested separately without the `BoostCore` contract. 

The tests deploy, initialize and test functionalities of incentives without using the `BoostCore` contract.

### Mitigation

Add a functionality for `drawRaffle()` and `clawback()` on the BoostCore contract.