Wobbly Cinnamon Leopard

Medium

# Unsafe randomness can be used by validators

### Summary

In the `ERC20Incentive.sol` contract we have the [`drawRaffle` function](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L137-L145). This is used to choose a random user to win incentives.

But randomness is generated using `block.prevrandao` and `block.timestamp`. In general, in blockchain, it is always unsafe to assume we can generate something unpredictibale.



### Root Cause

Basically, there are two source of randomness which are hashed to get a "random" number:
1. `block.prevrandao`
2. `block.timestamp`

**`block.prevrandao`**

We can assume that this source of randomness is ok on L1. But, on some L2 like arbitrum, it always returns a constant (1). Here is the documentation about it: https://docs.arbitrum.io/build-decentralized-apps/arbitrum-vs-ethereum/solidity-support#differences-from-solidity-on-ethereum

Moreover, if a user has a validator, he can choose to not include the transaction in his block in the case he does not win, getting an other chance to win. If the user does not have a validator, he can pay validator to ignore the transaction until he wins.

**`block.timestamp`**

Since the merge, it is not possible for validators to adjust timestamp. So it can be accepted as a source of randomness. But as for `block.prevrandao`, validators are still able to ignore transactions. In that way, a validator can have an impact on the randomness to get an other chance to win. Moreover, a user can easily pay bakchich to make validators ignore the transaction if the prize is enough. We have already seen validators censoring transactions because of non OFAC compliant blocks.

### Internal pre-conditions

1. The `ERC20Incentive` contract strategy should be set (when initializing) to "raffle".

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. The user calls the `claim` function of the ERC20Incentive contract.
2. Other users call it trying to win.
3. When owner choose to, he decides to call the `drawRaffle()` function.
4. A malicious user who get validators can influence the result.

### Impact

The raffle draw can't be fair.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

The protocol should use an oracle such as Chainlink VRF