Sneaky Arctic Dog

High

# The raffle cannot be drawn, due to missing `drawRaffle()` functionality in the BoostCore contract

## Summary
A boost with raffle as an incentive can lead to a loss of funds. 
## Vulnerability Detail

The core contract holds ownership of the incentive contract, from which actions such as `claim()`, `clawback()`, and `drawRaffle()` can be initiated. 

An organizer can launch a new boost with ERC20 as incentive token via the `createBoost()`. In the process, a new `ERC20Incentive` contract is deployed, initialized and funded in the same transaction. Any claimant with valid signature can verify and claim their reward via the `claimIncentive()` call. 

This triggers the following claim function, 
```solidity
    function claim(address claimTarget, bytes calldata) external override onlyOwner returns (bool) {
        if (!_isClaimable(claimTarget)) revert NotClaimable();

        claims++;
        claimed[claimTarget] = true;

        if (strategy == Strategy.POOL) {
            asset.safeTransfer(claimTarget, reward);

            emit Claimed(claimTarget, abi.encodePacked(asset, claimTarget, reward));
            return true;
        } else { // RAFFLE
            entries.push(claimTarget);

            emit Entry(claimTarget);
            return true;
        }
    }
```
As we can see,  if `strategy == RAFFLE` equals true, instead of receiving a reward, the claimant gets a slot in the entries[] list. The winner for the raffle is then randomly selected from the list when the owner calls `drawRaffle()`.

The issue, is the `drawRaffle()` function can only be called by the `BoostCore` contract, which has no functionality to call `drawRaffle()` on the incentive contract. This lead funds being stuck forever in the Incentive contract with no way out. 

*Note that the fund retriever `clawback()` function is also restricted to owner(i.e. Boostcore), and again there is no functionality to call that function also from the core.*
## Impact
Boost fund being lost
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/d9f597776cc2d20fbb19ffb1f7731126cf3b6210/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L137
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a permissioned function to BoostCore that calls `drawRaffle()` on the incentive contract. 