Spare Carob Hyena

High

# ERC20Incentive onlyOwner Restriction Causes Operational Lock

### Summary

The ERC20Incentive contract, which is used within the `BoostCore` system, has functions like `drawRaffle` and `clawback` that are restricted to `onlyOwner`. However, when `BoostCore` creates these incentive contracts, it becomes the owner but does not have direct functions to call these `onlyOwner` functions. This restriction makes it impossible for `BoostCore` to perform actions like drawing a raffle or clawing back incentives, especially for those using the `Strategy.RAFFLE`.

### Root Cause

The drawRaffle and clawback functions are protected by the onlyOwner modifier in the ERC20Incentive contract. Since BoostCore becomes the owner of these incentive contracts but does not implement corresponding functions to call them, these actions cannot be executed.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/d9f597776cc2d20fbb19ffb1f7731126cf3b6210/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L98C5-L98C89

```solidity
    function clawback(bytes calldata data_) external override onlyOwner returns (bool) {


```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/d9f597776cc2d20fbb19ffb1f7731126cf3b6210/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L137

```solidity
    function drawRaffle() external override onlyOwner {


```


### Internal pre-conditions

none

### External pre-conditions

none

### Attack Path

1. A Boost is created with an incentive using Strategy.RAFFLE.
2. The BoostCore contract becomes the owner of this incentive contract.
3. Since drawRaffle and clawback are protected by the onlyOwner modifier, BoostCore needs to call these functions.
4. BoostCore does not have direct functions to invoke drawRaffle or clawback.
As a result, raffles cannot be drawn, and incentives cannot be clawed back

### Impact

1. Operational Incompleteness: Actions like drawing raffles and clawing back incentives cannot be executed.
2. Stuck Tokens: Incentives using Strategy.RAFFLE and funds allocated to them can become locked.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

To resolve this issue, replace the onlyOwner modifier in the ERC20Incentive contract with a more flexible onlyOwnerOrRoles modifier.