Quiet Sapphire Barbel

High

# `ERC20Incentive` raffle winner selection is predictable and not random

### Summary

When the incentive strategy is set to `RAFFLE`, only one participant is *randomly* selected as the winner at the end, once the participant limit is reached. However, the selection mechanism is not truly random and can be predicted.


### Root Cause

Participants claim their rewards through the `BoostCore::claim` function, which interacts with the incentive contract to process the claim:
```solidity
function claimIncentiveFor( uint256 boostId_, uint256 incentiveId_, address referrer_, bytes calldata data_, address claimant ) public payable nonReentrant {
    // --SNIP
>>>    if (!boost.incentives[incentiveId_].claim(claimant, data_)) {
            revert BoostError.ClaimFailed(claimant, data_);
        }
    }
```
The incentive contract offers two reward strategies: `POOL` and `RAFFLE`. For `RAFFLE`, participants are registered, but a winner is only selected at the end when the `drawRaffle` function is called:
```solidity
// ERC20Incentive

function claim(address claimTarget, bytes calldata) external override onlyOwner returns (bool) {
    if (!_isClaimable(claimTarget)) revert NotClaimable();

    if (strategy == Strategy.POOL) {//...} 
    else {
        claims++;
        claimed[claimTarget] = true;
>>>        entries.push(claimTarget);

        emit Entry(claimTarget);
        return true;
    }
}
```
Once the participation limit is reached, the `drawRaffle` function is triggered to select a winner:
```solidity
function drawRaffle() external override onlyOwner {
    if (strategy != Strategy.RAFFLE) revert BoostError.Unauthorized();

    LibPRNG.PRNG memory _prng = LibPRNG.PRNG({state: block.prevrandao + block.timestamp}); 

    address winnerAddress = entries[_prng.next() % entries.length];

    asset.safeTransfer(winnerAddress, reward);
    emit Claimed(winnerAddress, abi.encodePacked(asset, winnerAddress, reward));
}
```
The issue arises because the `winnerAddress` is [predictable](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/d9f597776cc2d20fbb19ffb1f7731126cf3b6210/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L140). The pseudo-random number generator relies on `block.prevrandao` and `block.timestamp`, both of which are on-chain parameters that can be easily predicted. As a result, a participant could time the `drawRaffle` function to increase their chances of being selected as the winner.

> **NOTE**: Although the `drawRaffle` function is currently not called anywhere in `BoostCore`, this predictability issue will persist even after resolving that issue.


### Internal pre-conditions

- The incentive strategy for the ERC20 reward is set to `RAFFLE`.


### External pre-conditions

None.


### Attack Path

- Participants complete their boost participation.
- A malicious participant strategically calls `drawRaffle` at a specific time when they can predict the outcome, thus influencing their chance of winning.

### Impact

The winner selection process is not truly random and can be exploited by participants who time their call to `drawRaffle`, compromising the integrity of the raffle system.


### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

To ensure true randomness, replace the current pseudo-random generation mechanism with an external source of randomness, such as Chainlink VRF
