Lone Corduroy Tadpole

High

# ERC20Incentive: drawRaffle can not be called

### Summary

The contract is deployed as a proxy by the `BoostCore.sol`. Therefor the `msg.sender` in the [initialize function](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L36-L53) is that core contract. This contract does not have any function to forward the `drawRaffle` call. As those functions are owner only functions, the boost creator can not call them directly.



### Root Cause

The Boost protocol uses a registry to register `base` contracts as the implementation of the different contracts used. A user can create a boost by calling [BoostCore.sol::createBoost](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L106-L144). This deploys proxies based on the chooses base contracts (implementations) and also calls the proxies initialize functions. Thus the msg.sender in the [ERC20Incentive.sol::initialize](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L36-L53) function is the core contact. This sets the core contract as the owner of the proxy. This is needed to allow the core to call the [ERC20Incentive.sol::claim](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L76-L95) function.

But the core protocol lacks a function to allow the Boost creator to forward calls to the [ERC20Incentive.sol::drawRaffle](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L137-L146) function. Therefor the creator can not draw a winner.


### Internal pre-conditions

N/A

### External pre-conditions

N/A

### Attack Path

N/A

### Impact

Creator can not draw a winner and funds are stuck as clawback is not possible.

### PoC

N/A

### Mitigation

Add a function to the core contract to allow the boost creator/owner to forward calls to `drawRaffle`.