Ancient Neon Koala

High

# Manipulatable raffle odds

## Summary
The raffle in `ERC20Incentive` can be manipulated by an attacker to give him an unfair, heightened chance at winning.

## Vulnerability Detail
In `drawRaffle` of `ERC20Incentive`, a pseudo random number is generated and used to select the winning raffle entry:

```solidity
    function drawRaffle() external override onlyOwner {
        if (strategy != Strategy.RAFFLE) revert BoostError.Unauthorized();


        LibPRNG.PRNG memory _prng = LibPRNG.PRNG({state: block.prevrandao + block.timestamp});


        address winnerAddress = entries[_prng.next() % entries.length];


        asset.safeTransfer(winnerAddress, reward);
        emit Claimed(winnerAddress, abi.encodePacked(asset, winnerAddress, reward));
    }
```

The number used for selecting a winning entry is `_prng.next() % entries.length`. While the random number itself is selected randomly, the winning entry number used in practice is manipulable by an attacker. 

The attacker can notice this transaction in the mempool and calculate `_prng.next()` himself as `block.prevrandao + block.timestamp` is a globally accessible value for the block. Then he can frontrun the raffle drawing by entering the raffle with his unclaimed entries, calculating `_prng.next() % entries.length` each time he would be entering the raffle to see if one of his entries would be the winner.

This attack can easily be performed if he has access to entries across multiple EOAs or smart contracts. Rather than entering his entries all at once and being on an even playing field with the other participants, it will be advantageous to game the entry count in this way.

## Impact
The odds of the raffle are not fair and easily manipulable by an attacker, who can drastically increase his odds of winning regardless of his share of the total number of entries. The more entries that the attacker has, the more he can increase his odds of winning since *he has the option to stop after each step* at will. In fact, if he has a high enough number of entries he can essentially guarantee a win even if there is a large number of other entries in the raffle, causing loss of funds for the other raffle participants and broken raffle functionality. 

After each entry, the attacker has a chance of winning of $\frac{k}{N_0 + k}$ where $N_0$ represents the number of other entries and k is the number of entries submitted by the attacker so far.  Thus the chance of not having a winning entry at each step is $1 - \frac{k}{N_0 + k}$, and after K entries is $\prod\limits_{k=1}^K(1 - \frac{k}{N_0 + k}) = \prod\limits_{k=1}^K(\frac{N_0}{N_0 + k}) = \frac{N_0^k \times N_0!}{(N_0 + k)!}$ 

So his odds of having a winning entry across all K of his entries is $1 - \frac{N_0^K \times N_0!}{(N_0 + K)!}$ whereas ordinarily his odds under a fair raffle are $\frac{K}{N_0 + K}$

To illustrate the difference in odds, consider the following examples, with $P_a, P_f$ representing the attacker's odds, and fair odds respectively:
- $K = 2, N_0 = 2$.  $P_a = 1 - \frac{2^2 \times 2!}{(2 + 2)!} = \frac{2}{3}$ and $P_f = \frac{2}{2 + 2} = \frac{1}{2}$
- $K = 10, N_0 = 100$. $P_a = 1 - \frac{100^10 \times 100!}{(100 + 10)!} \approx 0.412$ and $P_f = \frac{10}{100 + 10} =  \frac{1}{11} \approx 0.0919$
- $K = 100, N_0 = 2000$. $P_a = 1 - \frac{2000^100 \times 2000!}{(2000+ 100)!} \approx 0.9145$ and $P_f = \frac{100}{200 + 100} =  \frac{1}{21} \approx 0.0476$ (used the Stirling approximation $ln(n!) \approx n ln(n) - n$)

His odds go up drastically as his number of entries increases, despite his share of the total entries diminishing. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L137-L146

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider closing raffle entries before drawing the winning number. This can be done by incorporating a deadline beyond which new entries cannot be added, or adding an admin function that pauses new entries into the raffle at the discretion of the trusted roles.