Scrawny Mustard Tadpole

Medium

# On Chain Randomness PrevRandao Used In ERC20 Raffle Is Manipulatable

## Summary

In the ERC20Incentive there exists a raffle startegy , where the winner gets all the rewards. But when the raffle is drawn the winner is decided by the `block.prevrandao` which can be manipulated by a validator , therefore raffle results can be manipulated.

## Vulnerability Detail

1.) When the raffle is drawn by the owner ->

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L137

We can see the winner is being decided by using the randomness provided by the `block.prevrandao`

2.) Let's read a little on `block.prevrandao` -> https://soliditydeveloper.com/prevrandao

In short , a miner can skip the signing of the data in the slot and then the prevrandao of the prev block would be reused.

In the end of the blog it's mentioned ->
`But keep in mind that still all things mentioned in the beginning about biasability still applies. A validator can still cause a re-shuffle.`

There is deeper explanations but we will leave that to the blog post.

Moreover on Arbitrum this always returns 1 i.e. a constant , refer to this ->

https://docs.arbitrum.io/build-decentralized-apps/arbitrum-vs-ethereum/solidity-support

3.) Therefore the winner of the raffle can be manipulated and hence the raffle would  not be a fair one.

## Impact

Potential manipulation of raffle outcomes by validators.
Compromised fairness of the incentive system.
Possible financial losses for participants who should have won fairly.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L140C58-L140C74

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Use chainlink's VRF instead.