Hidden Pecan Mallard

Medium

# Inability to Clawback in Incentive Contracts Leads to Locked Funds

### Summary

The restriction of clawback functions to onlyOwner across all incentive contracts will cause a permanent loss of funds for users of these incentives. This issue is particularly severe for ERC20Incentives employing the raffle strategy, as neither users nor administrators can reclaim funds or draw raffle winners due to the BoostCore contract lacking the necessary methods to invoke these restricted functions.

### Root Cause

Critical functions like clawback and drawRaffle are restricted to onlyOwner in all incentive contracts, coupled with the absence of corresponding invocation methods in the BoostCore contract which is the owner, this is an issue. This prevents the BoostCore contract from executing these functions, leading to irreversible fund lock-up, especially in ERC20Incentives utilizing the raffle strategy.


In ERC20Incentive.sol:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L98

```solidity
contract ERC20Incentive is AOwnable, AERC20Incentive {
    // ...
    function clawback(bytes calldata data_) external override onlyOwner returns (bool) {
        // ...
    }

    function drawRaffle() external override onlyOwner {
        // ...
    }
}
```

Similarly in all other like in ERC1155Incentive.sol:

```solidity
contract ERC1155Incentive is AOwnable, AERC1155Incentive {

    function clawback(bytes calldata data_) external override onlyOwner returns (bool) {
        // ...
    }
}
```

BoostCore is the owner as it initializes the incentives but has not methods to allow clawback/ drawRaffle
```solidity
           incentives[i].initialize(targets_[i].parameters);
```


### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. A Boost Creator creates a Boost with an ERC20Incentive using the raffle strategy.
2. Users participate in the raffle by claiming entries.
3. The raffle period ends, but neither the creator nor the BoostCore contract can draw a winner or clawback the funds.
4. The funds remain locked in the ERC20Incentive contract indefinitely.

Similarly no clawback possible in other Incentive types.

### Impact

Users and Boost Creators using the ERC20Incentive contract suffer irrecoverable loss of fund for Raffle strategy. Boost Creators using  other Incentive contracts suffer loss of ability to clawback.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

_No response_