Powerful Candy Chipmunk

Medium

# Boost creator could not draw raffle due access restriction

### Summary

In `ERC20Incentive.sol` function `drawRaffle` has modifier `onlyOwner`, so boost creator could not call it. Owner of `ERC20Incentive.sol` is BoostCore contract. As a result, no one user will receive a reward.

### Root Cause

In `ERC20Incentive.sol` there is wrong access control modifier.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L137

### Internal pre-conditions

Boost creator create boost and speicfy `ERC20Incentive.sol` as incentive with type RAFFLE.


### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. Boost creator create boost and speicfy `ERC20Incentive.sol` as incentive with type RAFFLE.
2. Users execute necessary action and call BoostCore.sol.claimIncentive(). After that, user's address will be added to `entries` array and will waitinig lottery draw.
3. Boost creator could not call `ERC20Incentive.sol.drawRaffle()` because he is not owner of this contract

### Impact

1. Users spent money (claim fee) for call claimIncentive(), but no one user will not get reward
2. Undermined trust in the project owned by the creator, because users will think that he deliberately does not call drawRaffle() function so that no one gets the reward

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

1. Add field in data, which pass to initialize function of incentive, with boost creator address.
2. Add new modifier - `onlyBoostCreator` for function drawRaffle()