Itchy Mulberry Mandrill

High

# Lock of funds because of inability to execute drawRaffle from BoostCore

## Summary

The ERC20Incentive contract has two possible strategies: RAFFLE and POOL. In POOL, every user who completes a claim receives a fixed amount of assets. In RAFFLE, every user who completes a claim is added to a list, and at a given moment, the owner of the contract calls the drawRaffle function, which randomly awards the prize to one of the registered users. The problem is that the owner of ERC20Incentive is always BoostCore, which does not have the functionality to execute drawRaffle. Combined with the fact that, for the same reason, it cannot execute clawback, the reward funds will remain locked in the contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

When a boost is created, the user has the option to clone incentive contracts from base contracts, but not to submit already initialized ones. For this reason, BoostCore is the contract that executes the initialize() function for each of the incentive contracts and, consequently, becomes the owner of each of them. This can be seen in the BoostCore._makeIncentives() function

## Impact

Loss of funds for the users and for the boost owner because the raffle can't be completed and the assets will remain locked into the contract.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/78930f2ed6570f30e356b5529bd4bcbe5194eb8b/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L137-L146

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/78930f2ed6570f30e356b5529bd4bcbe5194eb8b/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L266-L291

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add the ability to execute drawRaffle from BoostCore.