Itchy Mulberry Mandrill

Medium

# block.prevdao is not secure source of randomness and could be manipulated

## Summary

The drawRaffle function uses block.prevrandao + block.timestamp as a source of randomness to determine the winner. The problem is that this value is manipulable and predictable, as validators can influence it. With a sufficiently large reward, they have an incentive to manipulate drawRaffle in their favor.

## Vulnerability Detail

To prove my point that this is indeed possible, I will quote the 'Security Considerations' section from [EIP-4399](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4399#predictability) :

> **Biasability**
> 
> The beacon chain RANDAO implementation gives every block proposer 1 bit of influence power per slot. Proposer may deliberately refuse to propose a block on the opportunity cost of proposer and transaction fees to prevent beacon chain randomness (a RANDAO mix) from being updated in a particular slot.
> 
> An effect of proposer’s influence power is limited in time and lasts until the first honest RANDAO reveal is made afterwards. This limitation does also exist in the case when proposers of n consecutive slots are colluding to get n bits of influence power. Simply speaking, one honest block proposal is enough to unbias the RANDAO even if it was biased during several slots in a row.
> 
> Additionally, semantics of the PREVRANDAO (0x44) instruction gives proposers another way to gain 1 bit of influence power on applications. Biased proposer may censor a rolling the dice transaction to force it to be included into the next block, thus, force it to use a RANDAO mix that the proposer knows in advance. The opportunity cost in this case would be negligible.

We can conclude that even a single validator is enough to influence the value, at the cost of their block reward, which is a negligible price. Even just this action would be unfair to regular users. With a sufficiently large reward, multiple validators could collude to steal the prize by delaying the execution of the transaction until the desired result is achieved, which can be predicted based on the previous block and block.timestamp. Other tactics could also be used, such as executing new claim operations (prepared in advance) to change the entries.length.

## Impact

Manipulation of the outcome of drawRaffle from the validators in order to steal the reward.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/78930f2ed6570f30e356b5529bd4bcbe5194eb8b/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L140-L142

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Implement the tips from section "Tips for application developers" of [EIP-4399](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4399#predictability) or migrate to reliable source of randomness like Chainlink VRF.