Powerful Candy Chipmunk

Medium

# User could take part in raffle, even if it has already been draw, and waste his money

### Summary

After boost creator draw raffle, in which limit of participants was less than limit, other users could call claim function, and waste his money (claim fee). But they could not take part in new raffle, because reward has already sent to winner and raffle has end. User call claim function after raffle end, because ERC20Incentive.sol.isClaimable() return true, even raffle has drawn.

### Root Cause

In ERC20Incentive.sol.drawRaffle()` there is not reset value mechanism for variable `limit`. It cause, that function isClaimable return true, even raffle has drawn (iif function was called when entries.lenght waw less than  limit)
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L137-L146

### Internal pre-conditions

Boost with incentive ERC20Incentive.sol and type RAFFLE

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. Boost creator create boost with incentive ERC20Incentive.sol and type RAFFLE and limit 10
2. Users execute actions and calls BoostCore.sol.claimIncentive(). They are waitinig, when creator call drawRaffle().
3. At this moment participants count is 5. And for a long time no new participants. Limit has not been reached.
4. Creator decide call drawRaffle(). Winner get his reward.
5. Alice check incentive contract, for understand, is it still possible to take part in boost with this incentive. She call ERC20Incentive.sol.isClaimable(aliceAddress). Function return true.  Because limit of participant has not been reached and Alice didnt take part in raffle. (but function dont know about that raffle already has been drawn).
6. So, Alice make necessary action (which need in this boost) and call BoostCore.so.claimIncentive() and pay claim fee. TX will not revert.  But alice will not take part in raffle.

### Impact

User waste his money for claim fee and will not take part in raffle

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

```diff
    function drawRaffle() external override onlyOwner {
        if (strategy != Strategy.RAFFLE) revert BoostError.Unauthorized();

        LibPRNG.PRNG memory _prng = LibPRNG.PRNG({state: block.prevrandao + block.timestamp});

        address winnerAddress = entries[_prng.next() % entries.length];
+       limit = 0;
        asset.safeTransfer(winnerAddress, reward);
        emit Claimed(winnerAddress, abi.encodePacked(asset, winnerAddress, reward));
    }
```