Soft Laurel Nuthatch

High

# Weak PRNG in `ERC20Incentive::drawRaffle()`

## Summary

ERC20Incentive contains two strategies, Raffles and Pools. This submission describes the weak random number generation used in `drawRaffle()` function when the strategy is set to Raffle.

The function is used to get an address from the entries mapping. The entries mapping contains addresses which have claimed a slot (purchased a ticket) for the raffle but since the function uses `block.prevrandao and block.timestamp` to generate PRNG, it can be exploited by malicious validators.

## Vulnerability Detail

Here is the drawRaffle() function

```solidity
function drawRaffle() external override onlyOwner {
        if (strategy != Strategy.RAFFLE) revert BoostError.Unauthorized();

        LibPRNG.PRNG memory _prng = LibPRNG.PRNG({state: block.prevrandao + block.timestamp}); // @audit-issue weak prng

        address winnerAddress = entries[_prng.next() % entries.length];

        asset.safeTransfer(winnerAddress, reward);
        emit Claimed(winnerAddress, abi.encodePacked(asset, winnerAddress, reward));
    }
```

Here the function uses `block.prevrandao and block.timestamp`, both of these variables are added up, here how the struct looks in PRNG

```solidity
struct PRNG {
        uint256 state;
    }
```

and then we get the `winnerAddress` by `entries[_prng.next() % entries.length]`.

The next function does the following

```solidity
assembly {
            result := keccak256(prng, 0x20)
            mstore(prng, result)
        }
```

and then the length is used with the result to get the winner's address. The reason this is weak is because block.prevrandao and block.timestamp are known. Validators/Miners can influence this to a certain degree and get a desired outcome for themselves or someone else.

## Impact

The winner of the raffle is not completely random. The current state of the function allows validators to influence the outcome

## Code Snippet

[ERC20Incentive::drawRaffle()](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L137-L146)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Implement chainlink vrf and use the answer to pick out an address.