Shaggy Cherry Otter

High

# Important onlyOwner protected functions in Incentives and Validators cannot be executed by BoostCore

## Summary
The `BoostCore` contract deploys and initializes clones of multiple contracts, making `BoostCore` the owner of these contracts. This setup enables `BoostCore` to execute key functions like `claim()` in the Incentive contracts. However, it prevents other critical functions, such as `drawRaffle()` and `clawback()`, from being executed because there is no logic in the BoostCore contract to call them.

## Vulnerability Detail
The Incentive and Validator contracts are deployed and initialized by `BoostCore`, which assigns `BoostCore` as the owner of these contracts. This allows `BoostCore` to invoke the `claim()` function in the Incentive contracts, which is secured by the `onlyOwner` modifier.

However, other functions in the Incentive and Validator contracts, also protected by the `onlyOwner` modifier, cannot be invoked because BoostCore does not contain logic to call them. These functions include:

- `SignerValidator:setAuthorized()`
- `SignerValidator:setValidatorCaller()`
- `AllowListIncentive:clawback()`
- `CGDAIncentive:clawback()`
- `ERC20Incentive:clawback()`
- `ERC20Incentive:drawRaffle()`
- `ERC20VariableIncentive:clawback()`
- `ERC1155Incentive:clawback()`

## Impact
This issue can render several contracts inoperable:
- The `ERC20Incentive` contract with the `RAFFLE `strategy will never be able to call the `drawRaffle()` function, causing funds to remain locked. Additionally, there will be no method to invoke the `clawback()` function.
- The `SignerValidator` contract will be unable to register or de-register signers and callers after deployment.
- None of the Incentives contract will be able to reclaim their funds

## Code Snippet
Some of the onlyOwner protected functions
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/78930f2ed6570f30e356b5529bd4bcbe5194eb8b/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20VariableIncentive.sol#L98

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/78930f2ed6570f30e356b5529bd4bcbe5194eb8b/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L137

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/78930f2ed6570f30e356b5529bd4bcbe5194eb8b/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L98
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Implement role-based access control, allowing BoostCore to call only the `claim()` function, while restricting access to other functions, and setting the owner to the same as the Boost owner.

