Immense Cream Trout

High

# `BoostCore` can never invoke `ERC20Incentive::drawRaffle`

## Summary

The `BoostCore` contract is the owner of the incentives, including the `ERC20Incentive`. However, since `BoostCore` lacks the ability to invoke the `drawRaffle` function, no raffle winner can ever be selected. This means that for `ERC20Incentive` incentives using the `RAFFLE` strategy, the entire process of picking a winner becomes impossible, rendering the raffle and rewarding system unusable and any funds sent to the incentive will remain stuck there.

## Vulnerability Detail

When a new boost is created via `BoostCore::createBoost`, the incentives, including `ERC20Incentive`, are funded and initialized, and `BoostCore` becomes the owner of each incentive (all is done inside `BoostCore::_makeIncentives` function).

In the `ERC20Incentive` contract, if the incentive strategy is set to `RAFFLE`, the owner of the contract (i.e., `BoostCore`) is responsible for invoking the `drawRaffle` function to select a winner (as shown below). However, `BoostCore` does not include any method to invoke the `drawRaffle` function for incentives. 

```solidity
function drawRaffle() external override onlyOwner {
    if (strategy != Strategy.RAFFLE) revert BoostError.Unauthorized();

    LibPRNG.PRNG memory _prng = LibPRNG.PRNG({state: block.prevrandao + block.timestamp});

    address winnerAddress = entries[_prng.next() % entries.length];

    asset.safeTransfer(winnerAddress, reward);
    emit Claimed(winnerAddress, abi.encodePacked(asset, winnerAddress, reward));
}
```

As a result, when the strategy is set to `RAFFLE`, there is no mechanism within `BoostCore` to draw the raffle and pick a winner. This causes the entire raffle process to be non-functional, and no rewards can be distributed to participants of the raffle. ALL funds will sent to the incentive will remain stuck in the contract.

## Impact

Because `BoostCore` is unable to invoke the `drawRaffle` function, no raffle winner can ever be selected for incentives using the `RAFFLE` strategy. This makes the raffle-based incentives ineffective and leaves the reward distribution inoperable for such incentives.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L266-L291

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L52

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L137-L146

## Tool Used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To resolve this issue, a method should be added to `BoostCore` that allows it to invoke the `drawRaffle` function on the `ERC20Incentive` contract. This will ensure that when the incentive strategy is set to `RAFFLE`, a winner can be drawn and rewards can be distributed accordingly.