Spare Carob Hyena

High

# Silent Fallback to Zero Address for Validators in Boost Creation

### Summary

When a new Boost is created, the `boost.validator` field falls back to the zero address (address(0)) if the specified action does not support the validator interface. This silent fallback can cause confusion and introduce bugs where validations are expected but not performed due to the `boost.validator` being set to zero address.

### Root Cause

In the createBoost function, the following logic sets boost.validator to the zero address if payload_.validator.instance is address(0) and the action does not support the validator interface:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/d9f597776cc2d20fbb19ffb1f7731126cf3b6210/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L129C9-L133C11


```solidity
        boost.validator = AValidator(
            payload_.validator.instance == address(0)
  @>>           ? boost.action.supportsInterface(type(AValidator).interfaceId) ? address(boost.action) : address(0)
                : _makeTarget(type(AValidator).interfaceId, payload_.validator, true)
        );

```

This fallback mechanism does not provide any error when the validator is set to the zero address, leading to potential confusion and unexpected behavior.

### Internal pre-conditions

none

### External pre-conditions

none

### Attack Path

1. A Boost is generated with payload_.validator.instance set to the zero address.
2. If the action does not support the validator interface, boost.validator silently falls back to the zero address.
3. Any validation logic that relies on boost.validator will fail to execute.

### Impact

Users expect certain validations to be performed, but they revert to the silent fallback to zero address.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Modify the createBoost function to ensure that a valid validator is always set. If the action does not support the validator interface and payload_.validator instance is zero, an error should be triggered to avoid silent fallback.

```solidity
boost.validator = AValidator(
    payload_.validator.instance == address(0)
        ? (
            boost.action.supportsInterface(type(AValidator).interfaceId) 
            ? address(boost.action) 
            : (revert BoostError.InvalidValidator(), address(0))
          )
        : _makeTarget(type(AValidator).interfaceId, payload_.validator, true)
);

```