Macho Mocha Donkey

High

# Potential Lack of Validator Enforcement in `createBoost` Function

## Summary
The `createBoost` function initializes components of a Boost, including a validator. However, if no validator is specified and the action does not implement the `AValidator` interface, the Boost can be created without validation. This introduces a vulnerability that allows anyone to claim incentives improperly.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the `createBoost` function, the validator is determined by the `payload_.validator.instance` value. If the instance is `address(0)` and the action does not implement the `AValidator` interface, the validator remains `address(0)`, leading to a Boost without a validation mechanism and potential exploitation. This vulnerability allows attackers to claim incentives without fulfilling any valid actions or conditions.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L130C1-L133C11

## Impact
Boosts without a validator may allow unauthorized users to wrongfully claim incentives, compromising the integrity of the incentive mechanism.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
boost.validator = AValidator(
    payload_.validator.instance == address(0)
        ? boost.action.supportsInterface(type(AValidator).interfaceId) ? address(boost.action) : address(0)
        : _makeTarget(type(AValidator).interfaceId, payload_.validator, true)
);
```

## Tool Used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Ensure that if no explicit validator is provided (`address(0)`), the action must implement the `AValidator` interface, or the function should revert. This can be enforced with a `require` statement to verify the presence of a valid validator.
