Ancient Neon Koala

High

# Additional validations not accounted for in `SignerValidator`

## Summary
In `SignerValidator`, validations are done using a signature hash validating the quantity of incentives that can be claimed. While this mechanism allows multiple incentives to be claimed using the same signature, if future validations are provided which increase this quantity, duplicate claims will be valid.

## Vulnerability Detail
In `SignerValidator`, the `validate` function verifies some specified incentive information against a provided signature to confirm whether a claimaint is entitled to some rewards. Further, a specified `incentiveQuantity` allows users to claim all of the incentives having an ID below this value:

```solidity
function validate(uint256 boostId, uint256 incentiveId, address claimant, bytes calldata claimData)
        bytes32 hash = hashSignerData(boostId, validatorData.incentiveQuantity, claimant, claim.incentiveData);
...
        if (uint256(validatorData.incentiveQuantity) <= incentiveId) {
            revert BoostError.InvalidIncentive(validatorData.incentiveQuantity, incentiveId);
        }
...
        _used.setOrThrow(hash, incentiveId);
    }
```

The function `setOrThrow` then uses a stored bitmap to access a storage slot using this `incentiveQuantity`, as well as the particular `incentiveId` being claimed:

```solidity
    function setOrThrow(IncentiveMap storage bitmap, bytes32 hash, uint256 incentive) internal {
...
// @audit storage slot found
            mstore(0x20, bitmap.slot)
            mstore(0x00, hash)
            let storageSlot := keccak256(0x00, 0x40)
            // toggle the value that was stored inline on stack with xor
            let updatedStorageValue := xor(sload(storageSlot), shl(incentive, 1))

// @audit storage slot used
            // isolate the toggled bit and see if it's been unset back to zero
            let alreadySet := xor(1, shr(incentive, updatedStorageValue))
            if alreadySet {
                // revert if the stored value was unset
                mstore(0, claimedSelector)
                mstore(4, incentive)
                revert(0x00, 0x24)
            }
            // otherwise store the newly set value
            sstore(storageSlot, updatedStorageValue)
        }
    }
```

However, since the `incentiveQuantity` is included in the signature that is hashed twice, if this value is updated in the future to allow additional claims then a totally different value of `storageSlot` will be returned. When combined with the `incentiveId` values from previous claims, this will result in a unique `updatedStorageValue` since the `xor` will have a different first argument.

Therefore the check `alreadySet` will return false for all `incentiveId` values using this signature, even if these incentives were previously claimed using a different signature.

## Impact
The current validation has incorrect support for verifying additional claims in the future. Once a signature has been provided validating a user can claim a certain quantity of incentives, future validations increasing this number of eligible claims must not be provided. Otherwise, users can duplicate their earlier claims, bypassing the specification that each user can make a single unique claim of each incentive.

Some incentives lack internal validation regarding whether a user has claimed their incentive already, such as `ERC20VariableIncentive`, so in these cases double spending can occur which affects all boosts which use such incentives and causes significant loss of funds - especially if a boost has the maximum number of incentives.

For example, if a boost has two incentives the user may perform the necessary actions to claim the first one and receives validation for this, which he uses to claim. In the future, he performs some additional actions that entitle him to the second incentive, and a new validation is provided - the user claims both incentives even though the first one was already claimed. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/validators/SignerValidator.sol#L50

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/validators/SignerValidator.sol#L126

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Rather than using `incentiveQuantity`, consider utilizing a single `incentiveId` as each claim would have a unique signature.