Quiet Sapphire Barbel

High

# Participants may be unable to claim the right incentives if the `incentiveQuantity` is not equal to the total number of incentives configured for a boost

### Summary

Participants might not be able to claim the intended incentives if the `incentiveQuantity` is configured to not match the total number of incentives available for a boost. This `SignerValidator::validate` forces participants to claim unintended incentives.


### Root Cause

Participants call `BoostCore::claimIncentive` to claim the incentives signed by the validator. The contract [interacts](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/78930f2ed6570f30e356b5529bd4bcbe5194eb8b/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L176) with `SignerValidator::validate` to verify the claim request:
```solidity
// SignerValidator

function validate(uint256 boostId, uint256 incentiveId, address claimant, bytes calldata claimData) external override returns (bool) {
    if (msg.sender != _validatorCaller) revert BoostError.Unauthorized();

    (BoostClaimData memory claim) = abi.decode(claimData, (BoostClaimData));
    (SignerValidatorInputParams memory validatorData) =
        abi.decode(claim.validatorData, (SignerValidatorInputParams));

    bytes32 hash = hashSignerData(boostId, validatorData.incentiveQuantity, claimant, claim.incentiveData); // audit-finding different incentiveData for different incentives?

>>>    if (uint256(validatorData.incentiveQuantity) <= incentiveId) { 
        revert BoostError.InvalidIncentive(validatorData.incentiveQuantity, incentiveId);
    }
    // --SNIP
}
```
The [highlighted condition](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/78930f2ed6570f30e356b5529bd4bcbe5194eb8b/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/validators/SignerValidator.sol#L63) enforces that participants can only claim incentives where the `incentiveId` is **less than** the `incentiveQuantity`. This leads to a situation where participants might be unable to claim the correct incentives. For example, if a boost is configured with `5` incentives and a participant is entitled to claim incentives `0`, `3`, and `4`, the condition forces the participant to claim incentives `0`, `1`, and `2`, which is unintended.

### Internal pre-conditions

- The participant is eligible to claim some but not all incentives.
- One or more of the incentive IDs the participant is entitled to claim is higher than the configured `incentiveQuantity`.

### External pre-conditions

None.


### Attack Path

- A boost is configured with `y` incentives.
- The participant completes the required boost actions, and the validator signs a message allowing the participant to claim `x` incentives (`x` < `y`), but some incentive IDs fall within the range `y` < ID ≤ `x`.
- The participant can not claim the intended incentives that have ID >= `x`

### Impact

Participants may not claim the correct incentives that were signed for them, leading to potential reward misallocation or failure to receive the appropriate incentives.


### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Consider including specific incentive IDs that a participant is eligible to claim within the message hash to ensure the correct incentives are claimed.
