Festive Clay Bobcat

Medium

# Missing Allow List Check in `claim` Function

## Summary
The [claim](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/AllowListIncentive.sol#L44) function in the smart contract does not properly check if a user is already on the allow list before allowing a claim. This oversight contradicts the contract's intended behavior as described in the NatSpec documentation, which states that a чclaimer must not already be on the allow listч. This missing check can lead to repeated additions of the same user to the allow list, wasting gas and potentially disrupting the contract's operations.
## Vulnerability Detail
The `claim` function allows an address to be added to an allow list without verifying whether the address is already present on the list. While the `isClaimable` function properly includes a check `(!allowList.isAllowed(claimTarget, ""))`, this check is missing in the claim function. As a result, addresses that have already claimed and are on the allow list can still call the claim function again, leading to redundant and unnecessary state updates.
## Impact
The contract's NatSpec specifies that a claimer must not already be on the allow list. Failing to enforce this check allows users to repeatedly claim, leading to behavior that contradicts the documented functionality.
## Code Snippet
```solidity
function claim(address claimTarget, bytes calldata) external virtual override onlyOwner returns (bool) {
        if (claims++ >= limit || claimed[claimTarget]) revert NotClaimable();
        claimed[claimTarget] = true;

        (address[] memory users, bool[] memory allowed) = _makeAllowListPayload(claimTarget);

        allowList.setAllowed(users, allowed);
        return true;
    }
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use this function 
```solidity
function isClaimable(address claimTarget, bytes calldata) external view virtual override returns (bool) {
        return claims < limit && !claimed[claimTarget] && !allowList.isAllowed(claimTarget, "");
    }
```
which is in the same contract [isClaimable](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/AllowListIncentive.sol#L61)  in `claim` function to prevent adding the claimer who is already in allowed list