Spare Carob Hyena

High

# Unrestricted Boost Creation Before Authorization is Set

### Summary

The `canCreateBoost` modifier currently allows anyone to create a Boost if the `createBoostAuth` address has not been set (i.e., it is address(0)). This design flaw allows bad actors to create unauthorized boosts before the admin can set the `createBoostAuth` address.

### Root Cause

The `canCreateBoost` modifier only checks if the `createBoostAuth` address is not address(0) before validating authorization. If the address is address(0), the authorization check is bypassed, allowing any user to create a Boost.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/d9f597776cc2d20fbb19ffb1f7731126cf3b6210/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/BoostCore.sol#L75C5-L80C6

```solidity
    modifier canCreateBoost(address sender) {
 @>>    if (address(createBoostAuth) != address(0) && !createBoostAuth.isAuthorized(sender)) {
            revert BoostError.Unauthorized();
        }
        _;
    }

```

### Internal pre-conditions

the `createBoostAuth` address is not yet set. 

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. A bad actor calls the createBoost function when the createBoostAuth address is still address(0).
2. The canCreateBoost modifier permits Boost creation without authorization.
3. The bad actor creates unauthorized Boosts that could potentially exploit other vulnerabilities or disrupt the system.
4. This front-runs the admin’s intent to restrict Boost creation through createBoostAuth.

### Impact

Unauthorized Boosts: Allows creation of unauthorized Boosts that may contain malicious configurations or exploits.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Modify the canCreateBoost modifier to restrict Boost creation when the createBoostAuth address is address(0). This ensures Boosts cannot be created until proper authorization is set.

```solidity
modifier canCreateBoost(address sender) {
    if (address(createBoostAuth) == address(0) || !createBoostAuth.isAuthorized(sender)) {
        revert BoostError.Unauthorized();
    }
    _;
}

```