Dancing Ruby Bee

High

# Potential Financial Loss Due to Unchecked Large `rewardDecay` Value in `claim` Function

## Summary

The `CGDAIncentive` contract’s `initialize` function does not include a check for the `rewardDecay` parameter being less than the asset balance of the contract. This omission creates a potential vulnerability. Although the project team expects that Boost creators will be trusted, they have implemented checks to avoid malicious activities, recognizing that full trust in all users is unrealistic. The lack of a check for `rewardDecay` being excessively large is a significant oversight. Malicious actors could exploit this by setting a very high `rewardDecay`, causing the contract to fail when attempting to distribute rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `initialize` function checks several parameters for validity but does not verify that the `rewardDecay` parameter is within reasonable bounds relative to the asset balance of the contract. This missing check allows malicious actors to set a very large `rewardDecay` value. When a claim is made, the contract calculates the reward and attempts to transfer it to the recipient.

```solidity
    function claim(address claimTarget, bytes calldata) external virtual override onlyOwner returns (bool) {
        if (!_isClaimable(claimTarget)) revert NotClaimable();
        claims++;

        // Calculate the current reward and update the state
        uint256 reward = currentReward();
        cgdaParams.lastClaimTime = block.timestamp;
👉      cgdaParams.currentReward =
            reward > cgdaParams.rewardDecay ? reward - cgdaParams.rewardDecay : cgdaParams.rewardDecay;

        // Transfer the reward to the recipient
👉      asset.safeTransfer(claimTarget, reward);

        emit Claimed(claimTarget, abi.encodePacked(asset, claimTarget, reward));
        return true;
    }
```

However, as we can see, if the `reward` is less than `cgdaParams.rewardDecay`, the `cgdaParams.currentReward` will be set to `cgdaParams.rewardDecay`. This will result in a very large number, potentially much larger than the token balance held by the contract, leading to a failure when a transfer attempt is made.


## Impact

A malicious actor can exploit this flaw by setting an extremely large `rewardDecay` value. This will cause the `claim` function to attempt to transfer a large reward amount that the contract cannot support, leading to transaction failures and potentially preventing legitimate claims. These failures can mislead users, as they might incur gas fees while expecting to receive a reward, only to receive nothing. This could lead to financial losses for users and undermine the reliability of the project

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/CGDAIncentive.sol#L41-L52

## Tool Used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add a validation check for the `rewardDecay` parameter to ensure it is not larger than the asset balance of the contract. This would prevent malicious actors from exploiting the contract by setting excessively large decay values, which could lead to failed transactions and incorrect reward distribution.