Quick Hotpink Hawk

High

# claim Function Allows Repeated Claims Without Updating claimed Mapping

### Summary

The claim function in the "CGDAIncentive.sol" contract allows the same address to claim rewards multiple times. This happens because the claimed mapping is never updated in the claim function, meaning that the check in isClaimable does not prevent repeated claims. As a result, the same address can claim incentives repeatedly, leading to potential exploitation.

### Root Cause

The root cause of this issue is the omission of an update to the claimed mapping within the claim function. While the isClaimable function checks the claimed mapping, this state is not modified when a claim is made, resulting in the failure of the safeguard.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/CGDAIncentive.sol#L85

### Internal pre-conditions

- The contract must have the claim function with an onlyOwner modifier.


### External pre-conditions

claim must be executed by the owner.

### Attack Path

An admin calls the claim function with an address (claimTarget) that is not marked in the claimed mapping.
The contract checks isClaimable but always returns true due to the claimed mapping not being updated in claim.
The admin calls claim repeatedly, extracting rewards multiple times with the same address.

### Impact

The isClaimable logic is rendered ineffective, allowing unrestricted reward claims.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

Update the claim function to mark the address as claimed
claimed[claimTarget] = true; //add this line of code