Blurry Ginger Zebra

High

# CGDAIncentive.claim() wil unfairly distribute claims

## Summary
CGDAIncentive.claim() wil unfairly distribute claims 

## Vulnerability Detail
claim() function in CGDAIncentive contract implements a mechanism that increases distributed rewards if long time passed since last claim, and decreases distributed rewards in a fixed amount whenever it is called. Issue happens when ```cgdaParams.currentReward``` and ```cgdaParams.currentReward``` become close to each other due to the way currentReward() function calculates reward. 

Imagine the following scenario: 
cgdaParams.currentReward = 1.1 * 10^18 
cgdaParams.rewardDecay = 1 * 10 ^18 

1. claim() function is executed, let's say that there is no benefit from rewardBoost as it was just called a moment ago. Transferred reward for the user in this case will be 1.1 * 10^18 tokens, and cgdaParams.currentReward will be updated to 
0.1 * 10 ^18 tokens.

2.claim() function is executed again for another user, now sent reward is 0.1 * 10 ^18 tokens (~9% of the rewarded amount before), and as this amount is lower than ```cgdaParams.rewardDecay```, the new cgdaParams.currentReward value is equal to cgdaParams.rewardDecay (1 * 10 ^18).

3.claim() is executed once more and now the awarded amount is 1 * 10 ^18 tokens, 10 times what rewarded in step 2. As some time has passed since last execution, ```cgdaParams.currentReward + (timeSinceLastClaim * cgdaParams.rewardBoost) / 3600;``` line from ```currentReward()``` makes the expression ```reward > cgdaParams.rewardDecay``` true, so that the new reward value will be extremely close to 0.

## Impact
When ```cgdaParams.rewardDecay``` and ```cgdaParams.currentReward``` are close to each other, there is 50% chance that a user receives a reward with a value to cgdaParams.rewardDecay and 50% of receiving a reward close to 0 value.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/CGDAIncentive.sol#L85-L100
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/CGDAIncentive.sol#L123-L131

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
There is no clear solution for this issue, it has to be decided by the developer team. But logic says that there must not be such a difference between consecutive claims. Maybe the reward value should be cgdaParams.rewardDecay until a high rewardBoost makes ```reward - cgdaParams.rewardDecay``` a reasonable value.