Hidden Pecan Mallard

Medium

# Multiple Claims Possible in CGDAIncentive Contract

### Summary

The missing update of the claimed status in the claim function will cause an unauthorized multiple claim vulnerability for the incentive budget as malicious users will be able to claim rewards repeatedly.

### Root Cause

In CGDAIncentive.sol:claim() the function does not update the claimed mapping after a successful claim. 

Here's the relevant code snippet:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/CGDAIncentive.sol#L85-L100
```solidity
function claim(address claimTarget, bytes calldata) external virtual override onlyOwner returns (bool) {
    if (!_isClaimable(claimTarget)) revert NotClaimable();
    claims++;

    // Calculate the current reward and update the state
    uint256 reward = currentReward();
    cgdaParams.lastClaimTime = block.timestamp;
    cgdaParams.currentReward =
        reward > cgdaParams.rewardDecay ? reward - cgdaParams.rewardDecay : cgdaParams.rewardDecay;

    // Transfer the reward to the recipient
    asset.safeTransfer(claimTarget, reward);

    emit Claimed(claimTarget, abi.encodePacked(asset, claimTarget, reward));
    return true;
}
```
The contract tries to check the claimant mapping to ascertain if the claim has been made earlier.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/CGDAIncentive.sol#L135

As you can see, the function updates various state variables and transfers the reward, but it does not update the claimed status for the claimTarget. This allows the same address to claim multiple times.

Unlike ERC20VariableIncentive CGDAIncentive doesnot explicity rely on signed data, where a signature validator  may maintain an additional  mapping for claims (like the existing SignerValidator), and hence will fail with custom validators or self validating actions.


### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. Attacker calls claim() function with their address as claimTarget
2. The contract transfers the reward to the attacker
3. The claimed status for the attacker's address remains false
4. Attacker repeats steps 1-3 multiple times

### Impact

The incentive budget suffers an loss of up to the entire funds. The attacker gains multiple rewards, potentially draining the entire incentive budget.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

_No response_