Itchy Mulberry Mandrill

Medium

# Unfair rewards in CGDAIncentive lead to loss of funds for some users

## Summary

The CGDAIncentive contract is defined as 'Continuous Gradual Dutch Auction Incentive'. Its purpose is to distribute incentives to participants who have met the criteria, with the amount of rewards determined by the number of participants trying to claim rewards at that time. For example, with frequent execution of the claim function, each subsequent participant will receive a smaller reward, while when the claim function has not been executed for a certain period, the reward begins to grow. The idea, as seen in the definition, is for this to happen 'gradually', meaning there shouldn't be large changes in the reward amounts over short intervals of time. The problem is that due to incorrect implementation, the opposite is happening, and the difference between the rewards of two users submitting within a few seconds can be huge under certain circumstances.

## Vulnerability Detail

```solidity
uint256 reward = currentReward();
cgdaParams.lastClaimTime = block.timestamp;
cgdaParams.currentReward =
  @>  reward > cgdaParams.rewardDecay ? reward - cgdaParams.rewardDecay : cgdaParams.rewardDecay;


// Transfer the reward to the recipient
asset.safeTransfer(claimTarget, reward);
```
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/78930f2ed6570f30e356b5529bd4bcbe5194eb8b/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/CGDAIncentive.sol#L90-L96

The value of the reward function in the claim function is determined by adding the reward boost to the last recorded value in cgdaParams.currentReward, which increases by cgdaParams.rewardBoost for each hour during which no claim has been made. If two claim transactions are executed in one block, this value will be 0. When determining the new value of cgdaParams.currentReward, there are two possibilities:
    - If reward > cgdaParams.rewardDecay, then the reward is reduced by cgdaParams.rewardDecay, and the resulting value is recorded.
    - Otherwise, the value of cgdaParams.rewardDecay is recorded.

For example, if we have currentReward = 100 and rewardDecay = 10, with two transactions executed in one block, there will be no boost, and currentReward will decrease by 20. If some time passes without any claims and a boost of 40 is added, the new value of currentReward will be 80 + 40 - 10 = 110. The problem occurs when, at some point, reward - cgdaParams.rewardDecay equals 1 wei, meaning that the values of reward and rewardDecay are almost equal. In this case, the user who calls claim() after this update will receive 1 wei. At that point, since reward (1 wei) < cgdaParams.rewardDecay (10e18), the new value of cgdaParams.currentReward will be cgdaParams.rewardDecay (10e18). Consequently, the next user will receive at least 10e18 tokens. This means that two users claiming at almost the same time will experience a 10e18 times difference in the reward amount. This clearly does not align with the design of this incentive contract and puts users in an unfair position.

## Impact

Loss of funds for the user who is unlucky enough to execute claim() at this moment.

## Code Snippet

Above

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

It may help if you set a min amount for currentReward.