Glamorous Amber Cheetah

Medium

# There is no slippage check in the `CGDAIncentive.claim()` function, which could lead to front-running attacks

### Summary

In the `claim()` function of `CGDAIncentive.sol`, there is no slippage check for the reward amount. Since the reward amount decays after each claim, a front-running claim can diminish the rewards for subsequent claimants.

### Root Cause

As indicated in [CGDAIncentive.sol:93](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet-davies0212/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/CGDAIncentive.sol#L93), `cgdaParams.currentReward` is decayed by `rewardDecay` after each claim. This means that later claimants will receive less reward than those who claimed earlier in the same block, leading to a claim race.

Additionally, the `claim()` function lacks a slippage check for the reward amount. Malicious claimers can front-run others to diminish the reward amount. In the worst-case scenario, the reward for subsequent claimants could be nearly zero.

```solidity
    function claim(address claimTarget, bytes calldata) external virtual override onlyOwner returns (bool) {
        if (!_isClaimable(claimTarget)) revert NotClaimable();
        claims++;

        // Calculate the current reward and update the state
        uint256 reward = currentReward();
        cgdaParams.lastClaimTime = block.timestamp;
        cgdaParams.currentReward =
93          reward > cgdaParams.rewardDecay ? reward - cgdaParams.rewardDecay : cgdaParams.rewardDecay;

        // Transfer the reward to the recipient
        asset.safeTransfer(claimTarget, reward);

        emit Claimed(claimTarget, abi.encodePacked(asset, claimTarget, reward));
        return true;
    }
```

### Internal pre-conditions

_No response_

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

Assuming `rewardDecay = 900`, let's consider the following scenario:

1. Alice initiates a transaction to claim her rewards, expecting to receive 1000 rewards.
2. Bob front-runs Alice's transaction and claims 1000 rewards, updating `cgdaParams.currentReward` to `1000 - 900 = 100`.
3. Subsequently, Alice's transaction is processed in the same block. Since no time has elapsed and no additional rewards have accrued, Alice receives only 100 rewards.

In this scenario, Alice was supposed to receive 1000 rewards but ended up with only 100. This highlights the necessity of implementing a slippage check.

### Impact

Malicious claimers can front-run others' claims, resulting in significantly reduced rewards for subsequent claimants.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

It is advisable to incorporate a slippage check for the reward amount in the `claim()` function.