Spare Carob Hyena

High

# Insufficient ETH Check in AContractAction's execute Function

### Summary

The `execute` function in the `AContractAction` contract is payable and allows users to send ETH with a call. However, the function does not check that `msg.value` matches the value specified in the call. This oversight lets users bypass spending their ETH, as the function will fulfill the ETH requirement from the contract's balance instead.

### Root Cause

The execute function assumes that msg.value will be the amount of ETH required (value). There is no validation to ensure msg.value equals value, resulting in the contract potentially covering the required ETH if the user sends no or insufficient ETH.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/d9f597776cc2d20fbb19ffb1f7731126cf3b6210/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/actions/AContractAction.sol#L37C5-L41C6

```solidity
function execute(bytes calldata data_) external payable virtual override returns (bool, bytes memory) {
        if (chainId != block.chainid) revert TargetChainUnsupported(chainId);
        (bool success, bytes memory returnData) = target.call{value: value}(_buildPayload(selector, data_));
        return (success, returnData);
    }

```

### Internal pre-conditions

The contract has some eth balance 

### External pre-conditions

_No response_

### Attack Path

1. A user calls the execute function without sending ETH or sending less ETH than required.
2. The function does not check if msg.value equals the required value.
3. The contract’s own ETH balance is used to cover the shortfall, allowing users to bypass spending their own ETH.
4. This can lead to unauthorized usage of the contract’s ETH balance, impacting its overall functionality and security.

### Impact

Unauthorized ETH Usage: Users can leverage the contract's balance of ETH to fulfill their requirements, bypassing the need to spend their own ETH.

### PoC

_No response_

### Mitigation

To mitigate this issue, add a check to ensure msg.value matches the required value in the execute function.