Ancient Neon Koala

High

# Loss of rebasing tokens

## Summary
If the tokens used with the ERC20 incentives are rebasing, there will be some loss of funds.

## Vulnerability Detail
The specifications of the protocol state that `Protocol should work with all native and ERC20 tokens that adhear to standard including weird tokens`. This includes tokens which are rebasing (such as AMPL).

In `ERC20Incentive` and `ERC20VariableIncentive`, a limit is enforced when claiming tokens:

```solidity
    function _isClaimable(address recipient_) internal view returns (bool) {
        return !claimed[recipient_] && claims < limit;
    }
```

WLOG the code for `ERC20Incentive` is shown. This limit was set upon initialization and is a direct reflection of the total funds which were provided split into `limit` number of equal fixed claims. 

When funds are retrieved with `clawback`, this limit is similarly referenced:

```solidity
    function clawback(bytes calldata data_) external override onlyOwner returns (bool) {
...
        if (strategy == Strategy.RAFFLE) {
            // Ensure the amount is the full reward and there are no raffle entries, then reset the limit
            if (amount != reward || claims > 0) revert BoostError.ClaimFailed(msg.sender, abi.encode(claim_));
            limit = 0;
        } else {
            // Ensure the amount is a multiple of the reward and reduce the max claims accordingly
            if (amount % reward != 0) revert BoostError.ClaimFailed(msg.sender, abi.encode(claim_));
            limit -= amount / reward;
        }
...
    }
```

Note that in the case of the raffle, the cached reward value is sent to the user, so if tokens are rebasing, the following issues can arise:
- Balance rebases to a smaller amount: raffle cannot be claimed, nor can clawback retrieve the funds
- Balance rebases to a higher amount: raffle is claimable but receives a lesser value of tokens than the total amount held by the vault; these leftover funds are not retrievable.

In the case of the pool, the issue is similar:
- Balance rebases to a smaller amount: some claims will not be accessible despite some number of remaining claims.
- Balance rebases to a higher amount: all claims can proceed but they all receive less tokens than their share of the vault's balance; these leftover funds are not retrievable.

The `ERC20VariableIncentive` encounters the same issues as the `POOL` feature of `ERC20Incentive`

## Impact
The raffle is impacted the most and can potentially lead to total loss of funds if rebasing tokens are used. The raffle is also totally broken in this state. The pool functionalities of the `ERC20Incentive` and `ERC20VariableIncentive` contracts are also subject to some nontrivial loss of funds, either through unclaimable tokens or stuck balances.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-boost-aa-wallet/blob/main/boost-protocol/packages/evm/contracts/incentives/ERC20Incentive.sol#L131-L133

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
For the raffle, consider using the balance of the contract to distribute the full token balance of the vault.
For the pools, consider either enabling dynamic clawbacks using the balance rather than cached values or alternatively the claims should also reflect the balance of the vault upon rebalancing rather than a cached value.